Kind: captions Language: en We got a stack show for you guys today. We're going to be talking about who the new names registered for ADCC West Coast Trials are, as well as we're doing a little draft. We're going to draft our alltime ADCC teams. So, make sure you guys stay tuned for that and then let us know in the comments who wins after you watch it. But first, I want to tell you that the Flow Grappling Show is brought to you by Merrick Health, helping athletes optimize hormones, improve recovery, and maximize performance through precision lab testing and expert medical oversight. Use code flow, that's f L now for 10% off both Merrick Diagnostics and Merik Health at mehealth.com. Go visit it now. I'm doing my intake form now. Going to get some blood drawn. Going to get the feeling right. I'm going to be a healthier, you know, maybe even a little bit more handsome Trey here soon. So, we'll see what we can do. But make sure andh give Merrick some love. And let's get right into the episode. What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show, aka the worst show on the internet. The boys are all back together. We got big uncle Reed right there. We got old Joey Long hair. I don't know. We might have to adjust your name. You're rocking this ponytail now. Whip that thing around a little bit. Let them let him see it. &gt;&gt; That I did, but they freaking they cut away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't try to silence Joe's ponytail in the booth. Slack &gt;&gt; shoulder for it this episode. &gt;&gt; You know, Slack used to be a ponytail guy. Maybe not a lot of people know that. He was a ponytail guy at one point. So, I do I've been feeling some envy off of him on this new Joey ponytail. &gt;&gt; I' I've been maintaining that the grappling content team, which is just the four of us, should all just continue to grow our hair out until like the rest of the people in the company feel like we're up to something. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? Just like eventually they would like come to like, what's going on here? Why are you guys making this? &gt;&gt; Yeah. If they came to me and they were like, we feel like you guys are up to something. I would just say, "Well, day by day, I grow sneakier and quieter and I grow stronger, and if you ever find me, it'll be a serious problem for you." And that's what I'll say to them. I saw a video where a guy said that, that someone asked him about getting into fights, and he said that every day he grows sneakier and quieter. And I was like, that might be the coolest thing you could say to someone if they're they're talking to you about fighting. Just I grow quieter and sneakier day by day, bro. So, &gt;&gt; somebody if you're one of the athletes, I know we're we're previewing uh West Coast Trials. If I'm interviewing you about moving on from day one to day two, drop that line and I'll banner it on the site of me. &gt;&gt; Dude, to be honest, &gt;&gt; this is we're already getting off of Reed's script. But I got to ask, who do you guys think is the quietest and sneakiest jiu-jitsu athlete out there competing? Maybe in history. Is there in history? &gt;&gt; Is there a number one quietest and sneakiest athlete that you would characterize their jiu-jitsu as quiet and sneaky? Oh boy. &gt;&gt; To be like Rico Yusa. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was gonna say Barrett Yoshida. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good. &gt;&gt; Quietest and sneakiest. &gt;&gt; Just all Yeah, cuz he doesn't really literally doesn't talk much. &gt;&gt; I've done interviews with him. &gt;&gt; Can barely even get his hand up to raise it anymore &gt;&gt; and then all of a sudden you're just in an assassin show. &gt;&gt; Exactly. All right. Fascinating. &gt;&gt; Until someone brings us a better uh candidate for the top spot. Number one ranking on the flow grappling show for quietest and sneakiest athlete is Barrett Yosha until further notice. So, I'm glad we got that settled right off the rip and now we can move on to some less important topics. But obviously, West Coast Trials is going down this weekend, uh, April 18th and 19th in Pomona, California. Like it's like East LA area. And we talked about the registrations and everything a little bit on this last episode, but there's been some more names, some more uh some big names joining in there. So, we kind of wanted to go through and talk to you guys some more about the names we're seeing and stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And honestly, some some names that I'm surprised not to see. Um, you know, this I believe &gt;&gt; still could enter. There's still some time &gt;&gt; cut off is is Wednesday of this week, I believe. And there's still a couple &gt;&gt; which really means like if you &gt;&gt; um but the couple names that I think I was expecting to see that I haven't seen yet. Um, but but still plenty of names in there. But &gt;&gt; what are those names you you were expecting but haven't? &gt;&gt; I'll throw one out there. I'm waiting for Gavin Corb and seeing if Gavin Corb who took silver. &gt;&gt; The Corb brothers, but at least, you know, I know uh uh 66 is super tough for Gavin these days or for DeAndre especially. So maybe he's more of a 77, but yeah, I'd love to see him at 77. Where are the Corbs? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. Corbs would be sick. You know, ADCC is better with them in there. So hopefully they jump in or hopefully figure something out cuz I think both those guys, you know, are good enough to be at ADCC to mix things up. Um I haven't seen Nick Matias's name in there and you know, I think we were really expecting Nick Mataya versus Michael Sainz maybe in the um &gt;&gt; I don't see Michael Sainz's name in there. You know what I mean? I feel like yeah, maybe he's a guy who's going to be a good candidate. &gt;&gt; None of the Saints &gt;&gt; hop in here short notice. I haven't seen any of the Sains brothers. Uh, you know, just because you are more of an East Coast kind of guy, you are actually allowed to do West Coast. Let me just make sure that that's thrown out there. &gt;&gt; I'm more of an East Coast kind of guy. Huh? &gt;&gt; I would never win West Coast. &gt;&gt; Hey, what are we doing going to LA? I'm an East Coast kind of guy. What do you got? A Hogy? I've never even heard of a Hogy. That's a New Jersey thing. I'm from New York. You know what I'm saying? That's a Midwesterners's impression of an East Coast person. all of the east coast from from top to bottom &gt;&gt; from Key West. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Maine from Kuba all the way up to freaking whatever's out New Foundland Canada. You know what I'm saying? But I I honestly think the signs not being in is maybe a good case for like we're just going to get a lot of names late. Like there's no way, right, we don't see the like every Saints. They're gonna literally the Saints are probably going to birth a new child somehow raise him up to the black belt level and he's gonna compete at trials by the time from from now yeah from now to the event. I don't know how they do it but I think they might. So I don't know. I just feel like like one guy not being in like Nick Mate like that's kind of scary. I'm like what's going on? Why aren't people registering? But then it's like all right you see some some more of these names. It's like these guys are going to &gt;&gt; Elder Cruz. I think I posted last week something saying Elder Cruz is in. Elder isn't in yet. I would expect Elder to be one of those guys in there. So yeah, there's a lot of names in there that we would be looking for a lot of times. They're not in yet. We do think a lot of them probably are going to hop in, but you know, we still had a lot of people &gt;&gt; playing these mind games, you know, kind of &gt;&gt; these bracket last minute kind of things and stuff. &gt;&gt; Little Kyoter flavor in there, huh? The king of kind of the sneaky Coyoter. &gt;&gt; Is he a sneaky sneakier and quieter grappler? &gt;&gt; Up there quiet, I feel like. But it's like when you when he comes to like his tactics and strategies, he might be a sneaky and quiet guy. He could he exists on both ends of the spectrum, you know, he can get sneaky and quiet if he sees it fit for the situation, but &gt;&gt; he's also a guy where like he's a kind of quiet &gt;&gt; where like his voice is like a certain, you know, a little higher on the the decibel. &gt;&gt; Uh that's a kind of quiet. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You guys want me to bust out my Kayera impression or you guys think he'll beat me up if I do it? &gt;&gt; I think he'll definitely beat you up if you do it, but you should still do Well, guys, I don't think that this a good thing to beat up Trey. And I'm I can be sneaky and quiet, but sometimes I like to go loud. I like to go loud. And yes, it's important to, you know, register last minute in case, you know, you need to shake up the bracket and whatnot. &gt;&gt; There you go. Super impression. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's go. I've been crafting that one. I've been crafting that one. But but you know, I remember at East Coast this happened and there was guys like uh Stephan Bant like put it out there that like yeah part of my thing was like I wasn't going to enter until super late because I don't want people to know if I'm in or not and scout me super heavily. I always knew I was going to enter. I was always you know waiting there just in case. Uh and I think uh yeah, we're definitely going to get a little of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it is uh ultimately probably a smart thing to do. You want every edge you can possibly get kind of going into these uh these trials. there's so much on the line. So, e even that small little edge of of all your competitors kind of looking at, all right, I'm probably going to fight this guy. I'm probably gonna fight this guy. And then unexpectedly, they're like, "Oh, dang. Now I'm going to have to fight this guy." So, everybody's getting every little edge that they can possibly get. &gt;&gt; For sure. So, let's kind of let's look at some of the uh registrations. We don't have to read through every name and everything, but just kind of starting with 66, like here's some of the this is an article on Flow if you guys want to read the whole thing, but uh just kind of looking at some of these names. Who do you guys kind of peg as your athletes to watch going into this? &gt;&gt; I mean, this 66 really feels wide open to me still. Um, I feel like that there's, you know, a bunch of good names on here. And I feel like there's even probably some some unexpected guys that that are going to have good runs at this 66 kilogram weight class because it just feels like that's 66 is just where we kind of see these big breakout performances, I feel like. Um, &gt;&gt; but I was just going to say, uh, give me, you know, give me Grayson Henley to have to have a a big performance here. Um he's kind of been stacking up some some big wins of course and &gt;&gt; Fight Factory boys love ADC. &gt;&gt; True true fight factory boys are are wellprepared and Grayson Henley, you know, kind of have been having a really really good year. Just got his black belt and everything too. So this is this is kind of shaping up to be a good year for Grayson Henley. A lot of lot of good names, a lot of tough matches. Nothing's going to be easy for him, but uh you know I like I like to see Grayson Henley do well. &gt;&gt; For sure. You got a shout out. Giani Grippo is a guy who can do really well in basically any bracket that he ever enters. Having said that, I think the two guys that I would favor to do really well here, potentially even be the final or I guess it would be the semi-final would be Dominic Mahia and Reese Lefever out of New Wave, which is to say Kingsway. Uh I think that uh both these guys showed some great stuff at East Coast. It was Reese getting the win there when they faced off in the quarterfinals. Reese ended up placing top four obviously. Uh, and I think both these guys, Dominic's been in the finals before. They've both been right there to break through and make this tournament their tournament. I think one of them, uh, is looking at this list of names and thinking, "This is going to be my shot. This is going to be my my time to shine." &gt;&gt; I also want to give a a shout out to Fabian there, Fabian Ramirez. He's been having a good ADC circuit. You know, he's out there at the uh, East Coast trials, out there at the Brazilian trials, and uh, here at the West Coast trials, and he's he's been put on impressive performances. I feel like making it to the to the quarters or at least kind of deep into the bracket. I forget exactly where he lost. But um I always remember man, this was when we were doing who's next and uh we brought Fabian in and you know he was kind of a prospect and we we matched him up first match with uh Andrew Tacket to kind of like get into the house and I remember you know it was a crazy match 45minute match. Um, you know, obviously Andrew Tacket's the best and and is a killer out there. And I remember when Fabian lost, you know, and he was devastated, but he came up to me and he was just like he was like, "I'll be there, man." He was like, "I'm going to be there one day." Like he's like, "It's not today, but I'm going to be there." Like, "Just watch." And he started jiu-jitsu a little late and stuff, I think. And but I always remembered that that uh that he kind of, you know, was on track and and and didn't feel too discouraged after losing to to Andrew and stuff like that. And he was like, "I'm not done, man. I'm I'm I'm I'm coming for this." And so he's still out there coming for it. And so hopefully I would like to see Fabian do well too. &gt;&gt; It would be sick. I I think that kind of leads me to something I did want to ask you guys about because like when you look at this registration, not just 66, but like a lot of divisions. Like I think one that stands out for me is 77 with Michael Liera being in the mix. you know, whenever you're going into a trials, do you think it's more advantageous to be a veteran who's been kind of like through this ringer multiple times, kind of like experienced the highest level and all that, or to be one of these young and upand cominging guys? Because I feel like we have like almost three tiers of people in some of these divisions where we have like established veteran, been to ADC, maybe even won trials before, done all this stuff, knows what it's going to be like. Then we have the next tier which I would kind of say is like a Dom Mahia Reese Lef Fever tier where it's like dudes who now have so much trials experience. They've made it far. They've gone on runs. They've shown the potential to do that. Then you have a third new wave tier where it's like James Ortiz and guys like that where it's like there's an even younger like more hungry crop of dudes now who like are like 16 and absolutely killing it. So, do you think it's more advantageous to come in as a veteran or to just come in as this like young hungry grappler in on a stage like this? &gt;&gt; I have my answer. I think uh one, it depends on the division a little bit. I think these younger weight classes are going to act a little differently than the bigger weight classes. I think something like this uh has really been shaken up by the ADC Opens, right? Who has had more matches under ADCC rules, James Ortiz or Michaela Jr.? I think there's a real argument to be had. It might end up being James Ortiz, right? I don't think you can just say cuz it used to be like well you &gt;&gt; be far and away James Ortiz &gt;&gt; could be right like by 10x. Uh so it used to be that the big advantage was like you understood the rules better you understood by the time I got to the finals this happens the match lengths change guard pulling changes and all this. Uh so I think this has been like totally thrown out of whack and really thrown the advantage to the younger guys uh uh because we have these open circuits where these guys are just feasting and getting so much experience that they're able to close the veteransship gap in terms of uh match experience so much quicker. Yeah, because I think that like historically, right, like you said, that the experience, especially in the ADCC rule set, I think will kind of get you farther, especially just in that ADCC rule. &gt;&gt; It used to be that nobody went to their first ADCC Worlds and had success, right? Like that was super rare. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, but now like the tables have turned because Yeah. the ADCC opens have allotted a lot of these guys so much experience on the ADCC mats and and uh you know, in the ADCC rule set. So, it's like when I think of kind of who I would want to be, I mean, truthfully, I would want to be the the the young cat who's who's making his debut or whatever, you know, and who has the the longevity on his side because I think, you know, like James Ortiz probably has 180cc open matches like, you know, so like he just does have so much experience and he has the youth and kind of he's never going to get tired and and stuff on his side. So, yeah, hard to pick, but um you know, you're leaning guns. &gt;&gt; This is a young man's game, I think, more and more. &gt;&gt; I I think the weight classes does make does make a big difference like when it comes down to it. Like &gt;&gt; I don't know. We're probably going to see maybe a a more veteran guy win under 99 plus 99, but like probably going to be a young buck who wins 66 if I had to guess. Especially looking at like other trials and stuff like we always use Owen Jones example like obviously super young trials champ. Uh Nico won this year. It's like that seems to be like you got to be like not legally allowed to drink to win 66, you know, like &gt;&gt; if you're like, "Oh, and then you go out celebrating at the bar." &gt;&gt; Um, so I don't know. But then I there's also part of me that's just like even in like as soon as you get to 77 it's like yeah for sure these dudes have a lot of like ADCC open experience and stuff but there's just something about dudes who have been winning jiu-jitsu matches for a decade at the highest level when it's like ADCC IBJ JFW know some dudes know how to just win the match like any rules ADCC is obviously a very like specific type of jiu-jitsu match but it's like yeah some of these guys just like they if they're in the bracket they win the bracket that's just how it is. So, and I think ADCC Worlds is like a bit different, too, because that's the grand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the grand. There's so much pressure. If it's your first time feeling the pressure, the lights, all the people, &gt;&gt; weighins, you have to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The weigh-ins, the media stuff, and and just like all the expectations from your gym and your family and everything, but also just kind of like the greater jiu-jitsu community. So, I I do feel like ADCC Worlds is a bit different than uh than ADCC Trials. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But &gt;&gt; Trials feels a little more like a street fight in some ways still, you know, but then Worlds is like, "Oh, no. I'm on the grand stage." But I don't know. Let us know in the comments. What do you guys think? Is it better to be a veteran or a young buck out here at something like Trials? Um, we can keep moving through to 77 kg. Keep cruising through these. I saw Jet Thompson took a took the loss at uh that he did. I guess a bad way to phrase it because that makes it feel like he didn't accomplish so much and Kevin Bo Kevin Boing just, you know, had his day and stuff. I definitely thought Jet was going to come out of that watching PGF and everything. So, I'm glad he's bouncing right back getting into this trials, but um did you guys watch that match on PGF? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Crazy match. You know, I think the whole season, right, it was kind of like Jet Thompson is is the guy. I think he had that number one rank pretty much like &gt;&gt; won last season. &gt;&gt; One last season. Had that one number one rank pretty much the entire season. I feel like &gt;&gt; didn't drop a match. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And he just looked incredible out there against the competition and stuff. And you know there there was a bunch of guys I feel like that that you know really did really well that Chewy um from from PGF definitely put up put them on my radar. He was super fun to watch and um and it came down to to Kevin versus uh Jet in the finals and went to EBI overtime and uh brutal brutal kind of across the face choke that he ended up finishing them with. But uh yeah, I mean to be honest, I was a little devastated for for Jet just because I know that, you know, he's been kind of leading from the front the entire time and then to take a loss like that in the finals, you know, must just been must have been devastating. But what better way to kind of get over that than to come out here and win 80C um trials at 77, the you know, the most stacked weight historically. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I just feel like looking at the registration as it lies right now, like he's definitely a dude that you got to be watching to I mean make the semis, make the finals, potentially win this thing. But what what did you think about the registrations for this one, Joe? &gt;&gt; Definitely another uh pretty solid weight class. I would also consider Jet who was just world ranked that he's going to drop out of the world rankings now because of the loss of PGF. Uh but is you know right there top top guy in the world with a bunch of great wins, super dangerous submission game. his lack of wrestling ended up being a little bit of an issue against uh Little Jacob at East Coast Trials and he lost in the round of 16 there. So, I know he's definitely looking for uh a little bit of a step up, right? You know, he he comes to PGF expecting to win this season, isn't able to get done. He came to the ADC trials expecting to get it done. Wasn't able to make as deep of a run as he was anticipating. Uh I think this is a really big tournament for Jet Thompson. I think this is going to be a really important one for him. Uh look for him to roll off. You know, I remember that first day at East Coast, it was like 12 second submission, 15 second submission, 11 second submission. Like, we could barely get &gt;&gt; to the match to start filming of him and by the time he was getting his hand raised. &gt;&gt; Uh, bunch of tough guys in here that are super dangerous that are on that PGF circuit, by the way, including Jake Strauss, who beat little Jacob in uh, December at a thug trial. So, I'll definitely watch out for that guy. Super dangerous guy. Chris Olivo, super dangerous. Obviously, we all know Max Hansen is a dog uh and super busy up at 77. I think that's a good move for him. I think 66 was not in the cards. Uh so for him to bump back up, I think is really really smart. Kade Cedos is a guy who I keep looking at, man. I've seen him have such great performances. You know, the Luis Paulo heel hook really jumps out. I think he scored that in like 20 seconds. Uh but he's a guy who's come here and had bland performances, too, where he just doesn't have the energy and he's not really able to get it going. So, you know, which version of him is going to show up is is another question here. &gt;&gt; My thing with Kate Cedtos is because I do think Kate Cedtos is a dark horse who could go on a crazy run and just like blow up off of something like Trials, but I also just think Kate Cedos is so good at leg locks. And I feel like a lot of times you find a dude who ends up going on a deep run and navigates the the choppy waters of West Coast trials is a guy who can like fire off like a go-to submission over and over and then finally get deep into the bracket, make the second day, and now it's like boom, found himself in the semis with like and now he's going to be facing like a number two ranked guy or you know something like that. but he's kind of did it with like minimal wear and tear, minimal mat time, and just kind of been able to use that like that ace in the whole technique to get really far. I just feel like that's kind of a trend you see, you know? It's like a lot of times a dude who did make it really far, you saw him like, oh, Michael Pixley's hit four front headlock submissions, you know, like in a row. Like it's kind of &gt;&gt; save that mat time. Yeah, exactly. A long tournament. It's a grind of a tournament and like you really need to do kind of kind of, you know, punch some &gt;&gt; some quick submissions early on. And I just I think Kade has that like capability when it comes to like doing the like jiu-jitsu math of making that work out. It's like yeah, he has that ability. So it's like there is a a world where he can go on a crazy run like that. So I'm definitely watching him. If Michael Sainz gets in, he's the favorite for me. I just want to say that right now. All right. Me and Michael Sainz, this guy's all over my DMs. Hey, Michael, if you want to date me, ask me on a date, brother. You know what I'm saying? This guy's just in my DM swiping up every post. Laughy emojis. Haha. OMG, I didn't know. No, I'm just kidding. He's not doing all that. He just slides in my DM and says, "Sleep with one eye open. I'm gonna kill you." And I'm like, "Whoa, whoa." So, I gotta get this guy off my back until Kyle, you know, until he starts growing a little thin mustache. Once Kyle gets a like a thin mustache, he hits the age where he can at least do that. Ah, Michael's out. It's all Kyle. But I'm Yeah, something like this. Thin little mustache like that. You know what I mean? Kyle's going to come He's going to one day just have the thickest beard you've ever seen. And so, yeah. Yeah. Get in tight. I'm talking to you, Michael. I'm talking to you, Michael. All right. Hey, Kyle. &gt;&gt; I noticed Reed's still walking, by the way. You've been activated, brother. Take him out. But I'm just kidding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just wanted to put it on record that I already dibbed Michael Sains as the pick. So, &gt;&gt; all right. Who was the first person on this podcast to pick? Michael Sains to win. I feel like I did that six months before anybody. &gt;&gt; Uh, somebody else I want to shout out here while we got the the time. Two guys actually. Uh, sorry. We &gt;&gt; Oh, go ahead. &gt;&gt; That was Sain's talk is over. &gt;&gt; Uh, Alan Sanchez. We all know Alan Sanchez is a BC CJI veteran. Uh and Logan Smith who beat Cade at the last trials and then meddled at black belt Nogi Worlds uh and has like been like slowly putting together some really impressive stuff underneath the the radar and I think he's a guy who uh uh could definitely do a lot of really good stuff. Uh one more guy I want to shout out is Daniel Deer who was really good in the uh European trials uh but then uh you know didn't punch his ticket. Guess he's got North American citizenship in some way because he's now in these ones. Uh Kingsway guy. Gonna be impressive. &gt;&gt; Then you got to shout out the veterans there. I saw Sinestro was in there and uh &gt;&gt; AJ Agazar &gt;&gt; AJ Agazar Michael Jr. guys who've been at this for for a while. You can't count those guys out even though I just said it's a young man's game. But &gt;&gt; WO veteran while we're talking about just shouting out a lot of really good guys in this division. Uh uh Saul Viara is a a guy who had a I think the quickest Yeah. middleweight submission in WNO history. Looked good at uh East Coast, ended up losing to Nick Matea who also made jump in this division, but Saul is a really really good Gracie Baja black belt instructor. Guy can really make some waves in this. &gt;&gt; And then Harrison Woods. Harrison Woods, he's the guy who beat uh Couch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's beat at West Coast Trials a couple years ago, I remember. &gt;&gt; Yep. Super good. So then we move up to 88 and I think this one's a little more vetleaning. I don't know. What do you guys What do you guys think? Like it's like just right away there are young guys like Dylan Melton aka Wheels is in there, you know. Uh &gt;&gt; these names appear by the way in the article like how they appear in the registration. So like don't think it's weird that I have like Prime is Yeah. I don't stack rank which is to say rank. Nobody can ever tell me how stack ranking is different than ranking. Uh yeah. Uh it's it's that's the way it's set up. &gt;&gt; Javier Bartera is in at 88 kilos. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He was the guy &gt;&gt; he was at the last West Coast trials. You remember that the very first match that JRod had on day two was like Yeah. JRod just had a wild one with this like Brazilian guy. I guess &gt;&gt; that was Javier Barter. &gt;&gt; He was looking so skinny back then I feel like. And then last time I saw him at the uh nose &gt;&gt; one of those guys. He was one of the biggest guys I've ever seen in my life. Bro, one of his legs might weigh 88 kg. We got to double check cuz Javier Barter might be registering just one of his legs to compete at 88 kilos. I feel like there's no way that dude makes 88, bro. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, he's one of those guys. Uh we were talking a little over the weekend on like there's certain guys in jiu-jitsu who like can weigh like 155 or 220 and be super jacked and they need like three or four days notice to make either one of them happen and be perfectly fine. I think Javier is one of them. &gt;&gt; That's crazy, dude. Him at 88 kind of blows my mind a little bit. He might be an absolute tear to be honest. Like I don't know that I feel like that shakes it up a lot. But there there are some vets in here like obviously Jacob Couch put his registration in East Coast Trials champ. Um &gt;&gt; Dorian like Dory's like a guy who started training later too. So it's like he's like a little older than the stereotypical jiu-jitsu athlete but also like still hungry as can be. Also just a good good guy all around. Dory's a cool dude. So, &gt;&gt; he's ready to scrap. Like, he puts on the deal. He's going out to to West Coast Trials and ready to scrap. Like, no matter what happens, &gt;&gt; it's going to be a wild match. &gt;&gt; It's not too far from, you know, like his area, like where he trains and everything. He's a he's like an LA area guy, so Long Beach and all that. So, he'll probably be feeling good. &gt;&gt; Man, is Placido a real dark horse in this division? You know, it's like another guy who's been putting together uh a lot lately &gt;&gt; and finally, you know, uh got his black belt as well. and and uh man, he might be one of the the guys to to kind of really uh follow here because he's got an incredible game for ADC &gt;&gt; for sure. I think I think it's also guys like Sean Adamarco. He just got, you know, took a silver, so it's like, you know, is this his time? We've talked about Kevin Crane before on here. Kevin Crane always going to do some wild stuff out there. Um &gt;&gt; Ryan Aken, &gt;&gt; Ryan Yeah, Ryan Aken is probably like, we haven't said his name yet, but &gt;&gt; it got to be like a favorite, right? He was in the quarterfinals of ADCC Worlds last year. two years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I would definitely say he's probably got but then there's like but &gt;&gt; he's beaten couch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Ryan had a better he had a better ADC overall, too. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; but man, like what a sick division. This is this is a dynamite division, you know. It's like whoever comes out of &gt;&gt; whoever comes out of here is going to have gone through the gauntlet, you know. Mjeed H is is in there. &gt;&gt; Angelo Truck from TLI always scrapping with, you know, really good guys like Elijah Dorsy. Uh Jaden Groner's guy who was in the PGF playoffs super recently, so he's coming in super hot. Uh have his name listed twice, I'm now realizing. My bad. If if I could if I could be the guy who makes this bracket, you guys know what I'd do? &gt;&gt; What you What would you do? &gt;&gt; I'd go bigs versus littles, but on opposite sides of the brackets, I'd make all the the massive dudes who don't seem like they should make 88, like Steven Martinez, Javier Barter, you know, probably some more in there. &gt;&gt; Ryan Aken, to be honest, &gt;&gt; Ryan Yeah, Ryan Aken. It's like it's so confusing how he makes that as well &gt;&gt; cuz you'll be talking to Ryan Aken and Ryan Aken like he's like, "Yeah, I cut like 38 in the last week and he looks like absolutely shredded and then you're like, "Man, you got to be crushed." He's like, "No, I could probably like cut like 38 more if I needed to." If I really need to make like 108 or something like I could get there. Yeah. Like he's very confident he can always cut the weight &gt;&gt; for sure. And then like then the other side of the bracket, you know, Majid Hayes and uh &gt;&gt; like Sean Yatamaros. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Marco, guys who are kind of like I could see him doing a crazy cut and like making 77, but yeah, this is a this has a big variance in size. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you really got to wonder how good kind of couch has gotten to be honest, too. I like I haven't seen haven't seen a whole lot of him, you know, recently and he's coming back out in a stacked division. He's going to have a bunch of hard matches, but how good has Jacob Couch gotten? you know, sometimes just like being in the gym and just like putting your head down and and and training, you make huge jumps. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, Couch is is definitely uh you know, he hasn't been competing at like Worlds or anything major like that. He hasn't had all the super fights that he had once upon a time, but he has been staying somewhat active. He's fought at Grapple Fest. He did uh uh Thug Trials. I think he's kind of been doing a lot more of like underground, more local kind of stuff. So, he is staying somewhat busy. Uh and yeah, like you said, what is his skill set going to look like? Last time he was at an ADCC trials, he came out, smoked everybody, looked amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the most impressive trials runs ever. Yeah, it was incredible. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. &gt;&gt; Had JROD in the final, right? &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; J-Rod in the No, he had uh uh &gt;&gt; it was Elder in the final. &gt;&gt; Elder in the final. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then JRod in the semi-final. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Crazy crazy run from him. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. We can keep moving to under 99 now. I was wondering cuz you had Vincent Barber. I was like, is that Vince Barbosa? Is that a different Vince Bar or something? But here we got old Vince Barbosa. I love that Vince Barbosa just throws throws his name out here. I saw I saw on his Instagram his training regiment. He was just mixing up concrete. He said getting ready for trials and just him mixing concrete. I was like, "Hell yeah, dude. That's what I'm talking about." But &gt;&gt; I made Here's something I would like for the office, by the way. Kind of unrelated to this. &gt;&gt; Cement mixer &gt;&gt; sand bucket where we could put you for the grips. You know, you've seen guys with their grips where they stick. Let's just get one for the office. Get one for the content boys. What are we doing already? &gt;&gt; Yep. I agree. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just get into the bucket and and and just move it around and fucking &gt;&gt; Listen, the Wilsons have me feeling really self-conscious about my pull-ups and grips because I keep watching them have like father-son pull-up contests where they're both in the 50s. &gt;&gt; I feel like I'm really like behind the eightball on this. I need the sand bucket. Listen, there's I one thing I'm a strong advocate for and a a true believer in is that if I went around the office and put a ghee jacket on every single person that works at Flow, the only people who' potentially break my grips are on this show right now or in the control room. All right. I think I think we could go we could every other department everything when it comes to a grip break. I think I could just get that lapel and I have it until I decide to let it go. &gt;&gt; Probably true. So that keeps that keeps me, you know, sleeping like a baby at night knowing that if I just happened to be able to get some of these people to put on a ghee jacket that I could grab onto it and never let go. And I like that thought. And then I'd pull them close and say, "Get close." Say, "Come in close and be like, I'll have that on your desk by Monday. Thank you." And then I'll let go just like that. &gt;&gt; That's how I feel a corporate. That's how I feel a corporate environment should operate. &gt;&gt; But people strongly disagree with that, especially HR. They've told me I got to stop trying to do that to people. &gt;&gt; So, I know this would be illegal and they would stop you in the middle of a match. Now, if &gt;&gt; Okay, good. Good way to start. &gt;&gt; I'm slightly transitioning away from this. &gt;&gt; Uh would because we see people show up to ADCC in like all kinds of crazy getups, right? Somebody's going to be the singlet guy. Somebody's going to show up, you know, wearing like a half a Halloween costume. &gt;&gt; We've seen them wear them wear their ghee and, you know, &gt;&gt; be the guy who comes in, starts wearing a ghee in the middle of the match, starts taking your ghee off and trying to put it on the other guy so that you could cross choke. &gt;&gt; You're like in side control just trying to slip the ghee on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Put the ghee on. No, just have him in close guard like you're taking he's trying to stop you from putting it on him. If I can put a ghee on you, I should be allowed to use it against you. True. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I feel like if you just you win. If you if I can take my ghee off and put it on you, that's kind of checkmate. &gt;&gt; It's like a ring out in like super. &gt;&gt; We were talking about all the new like gimmick jiu-jitsu events. What if that's the event is you just throw a ghee into the middle of the mat and the first person to successfully put it on their opponent wins. So, it's just it's all about dominant control. &gt;&gt; Now, it's just like uh uh Slack might appreciate that. This is just like putting a a diaper on a newborn baby or something. Like a baby doesn't want to be like &gt;&gt; Black might be the one seat. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Be great at it. &gt;&gt; Black might be the best. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm into that. That's sick. Honestly, that also makes me think that the John Wick Invitational guys, they got to send their champion to trials and have him compete in a full suit. &gt;&gt; I love Imagine just as a promotional thing, the John Wick Invitational current belt holder gets sent to Trials and competes full suit like that. That would be awesome. Well, you know who's the the reigning champion at this the the world champion at at this this event that we're we're talking about people. &gt;&gt; Putting geese on people. &gt;&gt; Who's that? Kings or Hyperfly? I don't know. They probably put more people in geese than anyone on Earth. &gt;&gt; No, I think I think &gt;&gt; free stuff. Free stuff. &gt;&gt; I think Sif wins this. &gt;&gt; Hands down. &gt;&gt; Just cuz he would have the biggest to put on someone. &gt;&gt; They're in it. &gt;&gt; And you're not take I'm not taking my ghee off and putting it on say that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Let's finally let's run back sy versus Mikey. But it's a it's a ghee G. Put the ghee on the loser. &gt;&gt; Come up. We got to come up with a name for it. &gt;&gt; I just maintain if Listen, if I could put a G on you, I should be allowed to use it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my that's my &gt;&gt; I'm into it. I'm into it for sure. &gt;&gt; Into it. &gt;&gt; All right. So, who else we got at under 99? We got We got Abe. &gt;&gt; I think Abe is actually the favorite here to be perfectly honest. I think Abe uh you know, I think he would have been super dangerous in that East Coast bracket if he could have done it. He's had some really good performances, including beating Achilles, who won East Coast recently in an ADCC Open, which was super impressive. Uh I he might be the first guy to beat father and son combination at the ADCC opens because he did also once beat Vagner. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh but yeah, Abe is a another guy who I think is not going to spend that much time on the mat uh in those first few rounds. Uh and I think he is uh uh with his training regimen, his environment, I think he's the favorite here. &gt;&gt; Alex Grandandy, I believe. Alex Randy also going to be super dangerous. &gt;&gt; Also a trials champion, I think. &gt;&gt; No, he he uh made it super far and then he got the finals. Yeah, he made the finals. &gt;&gt; Made the finals. Okay. &gt;&gt; At East Coast Trials. &gt;&gt; That's right. Um so yeah, so Alex Grandandy seems like a guy who's going to be up there. Ian Dab, of course, but honestly &gt;&gt; Dobby down a little bit and I guess, you know, I'm assuming there was some muscle muscle atrophy after he tore his pec at Nogi Worlds. I'm kind of shocked to see him back so soon that, you know, his rehab must have been super intense. And honestly, if I can, I'm a little happy that Ian Dob down, slimmed down a little bit just so people stop like uh uh confusing the two of us. We're walking around all weekend. People Ian, it's Joe. I hear him or people like Joe and it's Ian like no guy. Come on. So, him being down at 999 like I'm a little happy about. &gt;&gt; I literally thought we were doing a podcast with Ian right now. &gt;&gt; This is this is news to me. What do you think about your division? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was about to say Ian, I love your new ponytail, but &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But honestly, he was super impressive last trials. Like I was like I was very impressed by Ian Dob. I was like, damn. Okay. So, he's the truth. I thought he was just trolling uh &gt;&gt; trolling Kenan at Legion, you know, and turns out he's like got some sick jiu-jitsu to go with it. So, &gt;&gt; honestly, another vision that's just kind of wide open, I feel like to be honest. It's like there's a lot of different names that I feel like that could have a big big show and and surprise some people and and punch their ticket. So, &gt;&gt; and then over 999. This is a division for me that's like sneaky hard to pick once you actually start looking at these names cuz like my gut instinct is like Nick Hartman to be honest because I've been kind of riding the Nick Hartman thing. I still really believe that he's like on a different level than he's like maybe achieved on like by winning trials or something like that. &gt;&gt; But then it's like man all right but then we also got Devonte. Like Dvonte doesn't he he wins a lot of matches. We got Big Vince, you know, Big Vince is just an absolute uh maniac, you know, Traretor in there. It's kind of like this is way harder than you think once you start looking at it more more with a fine eye, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Once it gets down to that quarterfinals, it's going to be a really interesting kind of who comes out. Um but Trtori is just a hard guy to do anything against. He's just like he's just a brick house, you know? He's just hard to do anything. Uh Vince of course has been to the finals of the West Coast Trials before, been to ADCC. I I agree that I just think it's hard to pick against a a young guy like Nick Hartman who's putting putting in the work, has the experience, um you know, got so close at East Coast Trials. Devonte, you know, you know, a hard guy to say he's going to lose to anybody. So, there's going to be some interesting things that happen. &gt;&gt; I feel like matchups are going to be super super important. Go back up a little bit. I feel like matchups are going to be super super important for this division. uh because of where people are going to meet in the bracket, right? Nick Hartman cannot pull guard in the finals. That's what Nick Hartman is really really good at being able to pull get to guard fight things out. Maybe he's really good at that like shoot and then pull kind of scenario that people have really kind of figured out. Uh which would help him a lot. But against somebody like Dvonte Johnson, I just think that's going to be really hard. At the same time, I feel like Devonte facing some of these bigger cats like uh uh you know, Sean Goulby or Vince Pazudo, these guys are mammoths. And I feel like that, you know, historically Devonte's had a hard time doing against doing as much against people who are that big. Uh, and so I feel like, you know, if he runs into a couple of those guys, like Sean Goulsby is huge. You know what I mean? Uh, that Francis Pnod Pana guy is huge. If you know, Dvonte starts racking up a few of these matches, the road's going to get a lot more difficult for him compared to uh, you know, if he can just match jiu-jitsu with guys. I feel like Trur is a really good matchup for Dvonte. Uh it's it's the bracket's going to matter a lot for for over 99 &gt;&gt; and and like you were talking about like like there's just a different strategy at these kind of higher weights than there are at these kind of lower weights, you know, and so a lot of these guys, you know, do really well in that kind of strategy environment at ADCC and are good on the feet and good not being taken down, you know, where I feel like Nick is like the one guy who kind of has a little bit of an opposite game there where he's trying to get to the jiu-jitsu, he's trying to get to the mat, you know, as quick as he possibly hand. So, he has it the most amount of time. So, he kind of really feels like he has a much different game than a lot of these guys &gt;&gt; for sure. Let's keep going through uh the last three divisions here. Minus 55 kilos. Um I kind of just looking at who I think could win this. I kind of lean Amanda Bruce kind of off the rip to be honest, but I also think it's one where it's like I would say Amanda Bruce and Danielle Kelly would be my like first two that I think of. But then it's like dude, who knows? Emily Leva could just like Emily Leva just has more insane moments where it's like literally as the match goes on you kind of count her out and it's like okay it doesn't look like Emilyy's going to pull this off and then she pulls it off. So it's just like it's incredible the things Emily Leva does. But I also just think Amanda Bruce, Daniel Kelly, like they have a lot of experience and they're incredibly good, you know? And then like Ali Wolski, even like Shy Lily, kind of like there's a there's a weird mix of like I guess still kind of h veteran newcomer trying to take their name in this one as well. &gt;&gt; Definitely. I also want to shout out Valerie Wong who made the finals here at East Coast Trials before losing close one to Anna Domo. Uh would be cool to see Anna hop in here. I think her knee is still bothering her, so I don't know if we're going to see that. Uh, but like you said, man, there's just, you know, there's this undercurrent of girls like Emily who are just waiting to break out. I agree with you that Amanda Bruce, uh, you know, who has won a lot of big tournaments, been very successful as a black belt, been successful under the ADC rule set, uh, but this would be her first appearance at Worlds. Uh, I think this is hers. Uh, she's somebody who I know has to pull plenty of weight when she competes. IBJ Foggi, it's usually up at like the 130s. This is minus 55. So I think that's even as low as like 121. That's crazy. Uh that's a big big pull. But as long as she's able to cut the weight effectively, I feel like she is the favorite here. &gt;&gt; I feel like Danielle Kelly is the is the most dangerous here in the division. I was talking about like girls are people who are going to get those early submissions, you know, kind of uh quick mat time and stuff like that. I feel like Danielle is the one of the girls who who has the ability to really submit all of these girls. I feel like um so I'm I'm expecting Danielle Kelly to do well. She had a great performance at the East Coast Trials as well. And I just think she's she's always so dangerous where she can kind of catch anybody in a leg submission at any time. &gt;&gt; And then minus 65 kilos, big shakeup as we get kind of these final registrants uh in the bracket or in the the list and everything. Sarah Galva, you know, joining in on this one. I think is obviously one of the biggest athletes to kind of jump in here. Obviously, you know, we've been riding a Sarah Hype train for a while now, and it doesn't really seem to slow down. She obviously just beat Gabby Pagnagna in the absolute of pans. That seems super human, you know, or maybe even Super Saiyan for the anime fans out there. And so, now that Sarah is in the mix at - 65 kilos, like that's directly where I got to go and just be like, this feels like Sarah's like potential for just another insane performance from Sarah. But obviously trial is a different beast, so we'll kind of see how it shakes out. But &gt;&gt; yeah, 100% Sarah becomes uh pretty big favorite the second that she hops into this bracket. Uh even though there are so many tough girls, uh Sarah's just another kind of animal, right? She is somebody who continues to rise to the occasion. I think that's the most impressive thing about Sarah is Sarah just seems to fill whatever stage that she's on, right? And the more that is being asked for, the more she's able to deliver. and she's somebody who really seems to thrive under pressure. Uh this is a little bit of a home game for her being in California where obviously she's maybe not from from but like she's grown up her whole life. Uh and you know she staked her claim she wants to be a super grand slam champion as a rookie. She wants to be the first female super grand slam champion. To do that she needs to be at ADC. To be at ADCC to be sure you're going to be at ADC. You need the invite that is available here. I'm really really happy that she went this route and she is yeah going to be the the grappler to watch in Pomona &gt;&gt; and then potentially you know if she she punches her ticket sets up a rematch you have to think with with uh Helena Cravar which is kind of one of the biggest matches &gt;&gt; and Anna Carolina &gt;&gt; and Anna. So kind of one of the the biggest couple of the biggest matches I feel like you can put together in jiu-jitsu right now. But I just love that Sarah jumped in there. You know, I think Sarah is really at this point right now kind of the one of the top female black belts, if not the top female black belt out there competing. She competes. Ghee, no ghee. She could have sat back and maybe kind of crossed her fingers and hoped to have gotten an invite or hoped that that somebody kind of dropped out or got hurt last minute, but uh she obviously said no. Jumps in and just this incredible this tournament is just so incredible. the ADCC trials, especially these North American trials, like this is why we watch jiu-jitsu to to have brackets like these, to have brackets like 88 kilograms and stuff like that. That like all these people out there who are saying that is ADCC dead or stuff like that. I just I you guys are totally dead wrong on if ADC is dead or not. The reason why we're here is because of ADCC. And if you like jiu-jitsu, ADCC is putting on great matches for us all to see. And you know, thank God for all these athletes who are jumping in and stuff like that. And I don't know, it just makes me so excited for the ADCC World Championships. It's going to be an incredible event. And I just can't think that these people are are can't be more wrong. It's like ADCC is what's great about jiu-jitsu and it and it will continue to be &gt;&gt; for sure. &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's just my thoughts real quick. It's just a little I just was thinking about that and uh just wanted to kind of throw that out there too. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. Let's uh let's look at plus 65 kilos real quick because I got a big question. Are we going to see a 14-year-old trials champion come out of the 65 kilogram division and Joslyn Molina? &gt;&gt; I think there's a huge chance of that. Joselyn obviously became the youngest ADCC medalist at obviously Joselyn became the youngest ADCC trials medalist of all time at East Coast Trials, but now with even more experience, a little bit more physical maturity, I think she's absolutely a force to be reckoned with here at the West Coast trials. It's a very similar field that we saw to East Coast. Uh she had a very close match in the semi-finals there with the eventual champion, Maya Matalon, who is obviously also going to be a contender here. Uh, I think that Joslyn is somebody who continues to do the impossible match after match, year after year, and I think that she could become the youngest trials champion of all time at plus 65 kilos in Pomona. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely think so. I think if I had to say where do I think her biggest challenge might lie. Obviously, you could go Maya Matalon because she lost to Maya Matalon. Maalan won the most recent North American trials. I think it's Elizabeth Mitravich. I think uh Elizabeth Yeah, former trials champion. just all just absolutely great jiu-jitsu as well. So, I just think, you know, that's a dangerous match for sure for anybody. So, I don't know. This one's gonna be cool, too. Got Kendall's sister, Emma, in the mix, too. I think that's cool having Emma Rusing uh in this one as well. But, &gt;&gt; yeah, if if you're watching the bracket and wondering why is Kendall competing, it's because her sister, who looks just like Kendall, is competing &gt;&gt; for sure. So, that kind of rounds out all the divisions, everything. Obviously, it's going to be super sick. So, make sure you guys are tuning in this weekend, April 18th and 19th, the ADCC West Coast Trials. We're going to get into this ADCC draft here in just a second. Feel like we going for a while, but you know, we don't got that much left. Just stay tuned. You know, sit back, sit back, relax, enjoy the rest of the show, boys, cuz from here on out, it's going to get wet and wild. You know, it's going to get slippery. I'm about to get I'm about to get Vaselined up from head to to tippy toe and really make things crazy in here in the studio. Trey's got another uh impression at the end of this uh podcast that you are not that you are not going to want to miss. So tune in to the end of the podcast to see Trey's uh impression. &gt;&gt; Hell yeah. Shout out retention editing. Um, &gt;&gt; people are going ahead to like 90 seconds before the end and Trey is like a huge honor for me to be &gt;&gt; the impression that everyone um, okay, so but first I want to talk to you guys about this main character jiu-jitsu card that's coming out because this is this is wild. I I'll be honest, I got to get Camoy on the horn, you know? I got to get Camoy on the horn and be like, "Hey, Kamoy, can you explain to me everything that's going on? Maybe we should have him call in or something at some point because they have they have the main character spring camp and then ultimately that's leading to two events back to back, right? One Saturday and one Sunday if I'm not mistaken. &gt;&gt; Let's be honest. Austin, Texas is the best place in the world to train jiu-jitsu. Let's let's just be real. &gt;&gt; The mecca &gt;&gt; the mecca of jiu-jitsu. It's all right here just down the street from us. Austin, Texas. It's where you want to train. It's where the best in the world train. And uh incredible kind of thing I think that Kimoy is putting together here for for the fans of main character jiu-jitsu. Not only is there like a a sick card at the end of the week, two sick cards, I believe, at the end of the week, but uh we got plenty of seminars from the best in the world. Learn some woge locks. Learn some crazy things from John Danaher who just jumped in there, you know. Um some of the best in the world. Learn get your ankle locks fixed from Adele. Adele's going to fix your guys' ankle locks. Jump in there and make sure you get some pointers from Adele. Um, so no, and and open mats. If you just want to train with uh with the Austin, Texas locals and stuff like that, there's going to be some open mats and stuff like that. So, just an incredible kind of week-long jiu-jitsu event we got coming up here at the end of April, early May. If you're in the Austin, Texas area, or if you've even thinking about coming to Austin training, this is the time to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then it's like these events have some incredible matches. Like originally it was Michael Sainz versus Oliver Taza. I think Taza has pulled out and Josh Cisneros has slid in. That's crazy, dude. &gt;&gt; Not one that we saw coming. Not not a matchup that we saw coming, but a very interesting matchup. You know, I think man Josh is a guy we always love to watch compete. It seems like he's kind of has a hard time staying on the mats consistently big time. But um but whenever he's out there and and especially against kind of a guy like Michael Sainz where it's just not a matchup that we were really thinking about I feel like or at least I wasn't really thinking about. So um that's an interesting one &gt;&gt; definitely. And then it's like do you have more thoughts on that one or I was going to say &gt;&gt; I was just going to say Josh has been moving up in weight a little bit more. I know he fought Jonas Gracie at an IBJF pretty recently up at like 175 or something. So Josh has been testing the waters up a little bit more &gt;&gt; for sure. And then we there's like I mean &gt;&gt; so you think we're not going to see him at 66? I don't know what we're going to see at ADCC to be perfectly honest. You know, this is a really interesting time where I feel like uh uh you know, guys are having to get back on the mat. Guys who haven't competed a lot since the last ADC want to be sharp for this ADCC. So, they're trying to figure that out. And yeah, somebody like Josh, man, he's been 66 for a long time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? I feel like he's probably still 66. He's not the biggest guy in the world. It's not he's really tall or, &gt;&gt; you know, or anything like that, but like you never know with these guys. &gt;&gt; You guys know our teammates's going to be competing on one of these. She's Riley Riley Torres. Yeah. She's going up against uh Harrison at uh the main character jiu-jitsu 9 hunger game. So shout out Riley Torres from Paragon Austin. &gt;&gt; Absolutely love when people are keeping the the spirit alive at Paragon of competition &gt;&gt; for sure. Now I'll say this. Kamoy, if you're listening, uh I need a full card graphic, brother. This is this is confusing trying to scroll your Instagram where I'm seeing both Hunger Games and main character Jiu-Jitsu Invitational. You got a lot of sick stuff going on. So, you know, simplify it for a smooth brain like Trey. you know, I want to I want to see which which of these is going to have all these matches cuz there's a bunch of sick ones like Kaditos versus Cam Herd was announced. And then there's like that one's on the Invitational. Then there's some wild stuff going down on main character uh nine Hunger Games like Diets versus Nako Navaro or Dietz and Nico Navaro versus the Odell brothers in a tag team duels match. &gt;&gt; That's a super sick one. &gt;&gt; You guys, you got to tune in to the Odell brothers versus Diet and Nico Navaro tag team duel match, bro. That's going to be insane. You know, Nicole's going to he might try to freaking he might try to kill him. He might, you know, I I think he might say that himself after after &gt;&gt; I know what's on Nakoa's minds before matches. &gt;&gt; So, but I mean, there's a ton more of sick mass matches like Bruno Matias versus Sebastian Atard. Uh, who is Marlin fighting? Marlin Tajik is on this as well. &gt;&gt; Mattea. Nick, isn't it Nick Matteo? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's Nick Mattea. from Marlin to Jig versus &gt;&gt; That's a crazy match. Insane match. So, I mean, the the Austin metro area as well as the world should be buzzing about this main character. And if you're if you're in the area, definitely sign up for this. Go to all these uh seminars, do the open mats, all of that. We'll try to be around as well. So, you know, it's going to be sick. I'm stoked for this main character. I think it's an awesome one. They're doing a great job. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Shout out Kimo. I mean, I think this is exactly what kind of builds the Austin jiu-jitsu community to kind of be what it is and and to kind of keep making it go further and everything like that. These types of events, these types of kind of uh you know, things where where the whole community kind of comes together. You got guys from from many different gyms all all teaching seminars and all competing and stuff. A lot of local guys on the card like we talked about. Uh so this is exactly what kind of just helps really kind of bolster this Austin scene that we know is the best in the world. &gt;&gt; For sure. All right, let's get into the real reason we're all here and that's friendly competition that ends not so friendly and tears the show apart. Okay, that's what we do this for, you know, is to think we have a good idea that's going to be fun and friendly and then ultimately probably me will take it too far and then, you know, everyone will be pissed and we'll fight each other at uh Paragon, you know, in a controlled environment. But we're going &gt;&gt; it's like it's like 50/50 where that I leave here pissed or not at Trey after this podcast. So &gt;&gt; Reed's getting tired of all the bits, you know. He's like everything's a bit with this guy and I try to tell him nothing's a bit, dude. I'm sincere and everything I say is serious. So, you know, you got to take it up with yourself if you think it's a bit. It's not on me. But, uh, let's get into this ADC all-time teams draft. This is what we're going to do. We're going to draft ev athlete for each of our teams in every ADCC weight division. So, 66, 77, 88, 99, 99. And then for the females, just because there's only been one where they did minus 55 and minus and plus 65, we're just going to draft - 60 and plus 60. So, there's like more athletes. I'm just going to level with you guys. I didn't want to be on a show being like, I think this girl weighs this, so she could go here. I didn't really want to do that. So, we're just going minus 55s will kind of fall under the minus uh 60 category. So, we're going minus and plus 60 for the females. So, sorry for anyone who disagrees with that's the way we should have did it. &gt;&gt; So, we're just taking one athlete per weight class and we're drafting what we think is like the best. &gt;&gt; Like, if we were going to put a team's event on, this is the team that would represent us, you know, out there. And so one thing with this because there's people who have won multiple weight divisions &gt;&gt; once that you can draft them to any division they've competed at before &gt;&gt; but once they're gone they're gone, you know. So I &gt;&gt; drafting an absolute. &gt;&gt; Do you guys want to? I thought about I thought about either we could draft an absolute or we could just have one uh alternate on our team where we could draft an alternate just to get like someone who could plug in, you know, in the spirit of a team. But &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; One alternate. &gt;&gt; One alternate. All right. So, how do you what do you guys I'm going to type in random number in chat GPT from one to 100. You guys &gt;&gt; just going to put this out there. I did win the last draft. &gt;&gt; Maybe that means I should get the the pick here. &gt;&gt; Do you want it? &gt;&gt; I kind of want it. &gt;&gt; Okay, Reed. What do you think &gt;&gt; about what about my pick or about &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where do you do you care where you go? Do you want the second pick? &gt;&gt; Well, and you won this the one before that. So, you should have the second pick. &gt;&gt; Good point. &gt;&gt; This has got to be a lie. This has got to be a lie. &gt;&gt; All right. So, you're what what picker? You're in favor of the system. What? First, second, third snake draft style. Let's do it. &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it. It's snake draft style, so it all comes out and then wash anyway, right? &gt;&gt; Um I can I just can I dibs Marcela Garcia though before we start? &gt;&gt; I don't think so, cuz usually the first guy gets the first dibs in how a draft works. Imagine an NFL team's just like, &gt;&gt; "Okay, but maybe I'll get rights to dibs later. I feel like there's a pick between the two of us." Reed. &gt;&gt; All right, who do you want, Joe? First pick. All right, first pick. Let's go with uh I have to figure out how much I want to honor this dibs because that was kind of going to be my first pick. &gt;&gt; Uh I'm going to take uh just because there I feel like there's some obvious picks and some not obvious picks. Minus 88 kilograms. Gordon Ryan. Boom. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh especially because I know like there's some other super sick 88s out there that if you didn't pick this guy, it was going to be some other guys. I had to make sure I was super uh uh keed up and and buttoned up at this. Uh I wanted to make sure I was super keyed up for this. Uh you get what I'm saying. So yeah, there's my pick first. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, I was kind of trying to throw you off your off your game there. And you &gt;&gt; you know I'm a Gordon guy. You know I'm a &gt;&gt; pick Marcelo. And then I'll pick &gt;&gt; No, I'll pick Marcelo Garcia, the legend, the greatest champion in uh you know 80C history. &gt;&gt; This is kind of a bummer. I'm already I'm already bummed. I kind of wanted both. &gt;&gt; Marcelo Garcia put it on the top. I was I was kind of hoping that my team would have both of those guys. &gt;&gt; The way I kind of sketched this up is I had both. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'm not really Actually, I don't really &gt;&gt; Can we pull up Slack? Can we pull up the uh ADCC champions? &gt;&gt; Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Some of us did our preod research and we're not have it pulled up right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, have it on my laptop right now. So, no. Don't look at my I got my I got my prospects on there, dude. &gt;&gt; Dude, Reed, you're always trying to cheat on these, man. That's why you say I'm doing bits. You're always cheating, dude. Lie, ste, steal, and cheat. Who said that? Which wrestler? Eddie Guerrero. &gt;&gt; Eddie Guerrero, dude. Greg knew. Greg said it in my ear. Eddie Guerrero. But no, I'm just kidding. I definitely think so far so far how this has shaped up. &gt;&gt; That probably should have been the one and two, honestly. Like, I started I started looking at this list and if you go down, it tells you how many people like like by titles. Like, so Gordon at seven, Andre at six, and then like that. When you start looking at this, it's honestly shocking how few of people in the history of it have won three or more. Like that's like there's like two gets a little bigger, you know, but like that's a short list for doing this since like like 1998 or seven, whatever it was. To only have that many people who have won three or more kind of mindboggling because you start looking at some of these names and it's like, oh shit, I was definitely going to go with him, but he only has one title. Like I could have sworn this guy was like a 12 time or something, you know? But kind of makes it when you start looking at like that, it shows you how incredible it is to win ADCC, you know what I mean? Like the fact that John Carlo went back to back, JT went back to back in recent years, like that's insane, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Especially just like the way that it's every other year, so it's not every year, you know? That really throws a wrench into things. So much can happen in in that two-year uh time span where like an entire new crop of of killers could come up, you know? It's like, who knows? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I'm also filibusting because I need to I need to write all this real quick. &gt;&gt; So, sorry about that. Um, all right. So, Reed has Marcelo Garcia at 77 and Joe has Gordon Ryan at 88. What made you want to pick Gordon at 88 as opposed to like there were some there were a lot of divisions you could have taken him at? &gt;&gt; It was I think there are some other guys at 88 that are also super tough. Uh, and so maybe for that reason I could have like waited a little bit more, but that was just like such a white hot run. That was the group of death. People were calling it uh one of the toughest brackets of all time. And he just looked like an absolute killer throughout the entire uh process. Uh it really is like my platonic ideal of like what I feel like I just a guy torching a bracket really is like Gordon that year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we all This is them in their prime also, just so everyone knows. It's not like we're driving current day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's Gordon when he won 88, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. It's like it's like their prime &gt;&gt; on that day. Yeah. Is kind of what I'm thinking. &gt;&gt; All right. So I am gonna go with Roger Gracie at minus 99 key. Really good pick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Really really good pick. &gt;&gt; That's that's luckily one &gt;&gt; guy only guy to ever go eight for eight submissions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you know I'm going say the best best. &gt;&gt; But Gordon obviously has the most titles too though. So if you're just like general like who would you want for an ADCC team? This is that was a crazy thing I thought about Roger when I was looking at this is he does only have three ADC titles which it just feels like Roger Gracie should have a million. Yeah. It's like but it's like yeah he double gold 2005 and then won the super fight and he was like I'm the best bro. What are you guys going to do about it? So which I also kind of respect. That's kind of cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Um all right. And so my next pick I got to decide what division I want to kind of try and get some of these guys at. There's some that I feel like there's clear-cut. You want this, dude. &gt;&gt; Dude, 66 is so crazy. It's just like dominated by like four people basically like just handing off the title to each other straight up. &gt;&gt; To be honest, I might pull one of those guys. I might go Cabrinia at 66. No. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going Cabbrinia at 66. &gt;&gt; No, you're not. &gt;&gt; Yes, I am. Okay. And then you get another one, right? &gt;&gt; That was my That was your second one. &gt;&gt; So, now it's back to Reed. &gt;&gt; All right. I'm going to go one of my favorite ADC champions. in history. Dean Listister. Wow. &gt;&gt; What weight division? &gt;&gt; 99. &gt;&gt; Plus or &gt;&gt; minus? &gt;&gt; Minus. All right. &gt;&gt; Now I get to Yep. &gt;&gt; First pick 66, Hafa Mendes. &gt;&gt; All right. Pretty sick one. &gt;&gt; Pretty all right one. &gt;&gt; Also a surprising uh when you look at the actual numbers, it's like dang, dude. Hoff only two time. But &gt;&gt; but I feel like him winning it, like he was so good. Uh &gt;&gt; and thenus 60 women's Kyra Gracie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's a really good pick. She's one of the most when it comes to like I know we keep talking about overall medals. She's like one of the highest &gt;&gt; super dominant. Uh you know it's a time when people were not paying as much attention certainly to the women's divisions. Uh but Kyra one of the greatest to ever do it. Uh Hall of Famer for multiple organizations. Her her career is a truly a trailblazer, right? Like we use the term trailblazer a lot, but like Kyra is a genuine trailblazer for women's jiu-jitsu and uh uh helped create a lot of the much stronger architectural uh framework that we see today. &gt;&gt; For sure. So far, we've spread the board a little bit. No one's doing I guess we have two minus 99s, Dean and Roger Gracie. But who do you got next, Reed? &gt;&gt; Joe's got two, right? Joe, you picked two. &gt;&gt; He did Hoffa and Kafa. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. My bad. Um All right. Got to throw some Brazilians back in there after uh going American first round. Let's not get too crazy here. Let's get some Brazilians on the squad. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of Brazilian flags on this Wikipedia page, brother. &gt;&gt; It's It's like, all right, we have one white cornerback. I feel like that's the one white cornerback that I get to have. &gt;&gt; I think I'm going to go a little bit of a left field one here. I've taken some legends. I'm going to take a kind of modern era champion. I'm going to go Baby Shark. &gt;&gt; Good one. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go Baby Shark here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; legend of the 66 kilogram division and uh you know he's got many more titles to win potentially. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like Baby Shark and Hoffam Mendes have the same amount of ADC titles. &gt;&gt; It's crazy. Is that not insane to think about? It's like dude, but it also makes me think like thinking about this upcoming year and like I don't know maybe we need to do a full stats deep dive somehow to show people how crazy some of this is. It's like if Jon Carlo and Baby Shark three repeat, they just in their divisions, they literally just become like the best. It's like no one's done that. You know what I mean? Like Cababrini, I guess, probably three peted. &gt;&gt; Hiler or knowing &gt;&gt; Leo? Nope. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hiler threeed 66 and then uh &gt;&gt; by the way, we're not even having to remember it off the top of our head. We're just like sitting here wondering about stats that are slightly up to our left. &gt;&gt; But I just mean like like like I don't know. There's a bunch of stuff like I think the amount of people who have won trials and then won world championship would be super interesting. Like what drop off there is from like like what percentage of an ADCC champion is a one-time champion versus multiple times. Like it's got to be like pretty insane, you know? I agree. &gt;&gt; But uh so yeah. Okay. You got Baby Shark. That was a good pick. Baby Shark's sick. He's just a fun guy to have on the team, too. Good locker room guy. &gt;&gt; A good locker room guy. &gt;&gt; Don't you guys worry Baby Shark will be dominating this next match. &gt;&gt; There it is. There's the impression. There it is. &gt;&gt; I don't know if you're still watching. &gt;&gt; Golden Ryan, I will smash you. I am Baby Shark. I'm Baby Shark. Hey, Reed. Hey, Professor Reed. You think he would call you Professor Reed? &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; He definitely would. He would. No, he would. You have a black belt. He would honor it. Professor Reed, uh, maybe you could send me out 88 kilo and I smash Golden Ryion. &gt;&gt; All right. All right. I'm switching my pick. Baby Shark's going 88 kilo. &gt;&gt; Now we're talking. One of my favorite interviews I've ever done. I'm interviewing Baby Shark and he's like, "Yeah, I'll face Gordon Ryan right now." And Gordon comes out of the bathroom that was right there. It's just like, "I heard you. I heard that. That was that was a crazy moment." Um, all right. So, what do I need? What do I need? To be honest, there's some divisions I'm scared to draft for. Um, &gt;&gt; there's one guy I'm really hoping for. I feel like I should put this back on Reed. Like, don't take this guy Marcelo for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, like like I'll just be honest, 77. I'm scared to draft someone besides Marcelo because I'm just like &gt;&gt; who do I go with in this? You know what I mean? You can go new wave. You can go I mean like new age. You can go like kind of older established. You can do a legend like Henzo Gracie, you know? &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; maybe I'll hold out for now. I'm scared. I'm shaking in my boots. Uh &gt;&gt; you defer. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. I'll I'll be drafting here soon. I'll be draft Who never gave up a point? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wait, Ricardo Arona. I thought he was uh he's 77. &gt;&gt; No, sorry. &gt;&gt; I was gonna say &gt;&gt; I was looking at a different weight class. &gt;&gt; What? What? What actually is he like minus &gt;&gt; 88? I think, isn't he? Or he's a 99. &gt;&gt; 99. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I thought he was. &gt;&gt; You know who I'm going to take? I am going to take Salo Hero &gt;&gt; at minus 88. &gt;&gt; What a pick. What a pick. &gt;&gt; I'm going Salo. Only other besides John Carlo two-timer and didn't win it consecutively, John Carlo did. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to be honest with you, just to like put my cards on the table, I really wanted to draft John Carlo honestly. Like I really think like I still if he gets healthy and can compete, it seems like it's up in the air. I think John Carlo could 3P. Like he just looks so good at at uh 88. But I also just think that we're going to post this on Instagram and you know the fans might like if I throw some guys like Salo in the mix. So I don't know. So may maybe I'm pandering to the Instagram crowd. Maybe they like John Carlo too. &gt;&gt; Salo big on Instagram. Big following on &gt;&gt; like you know the old heads are going to come out of the woodworks for this though and just be like what are you talking about? You didn't draft this guy in 1997 who won the blah blah blah you know. So uh and then yeah I'm still going to stay away from 77. I'm scared of it to be honest. But I will tell you who I'm gonna draft at plus 999. And that is Besa. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, really good one. &gt;&gt; Besa. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Only a two-time, but boy oh boy was it a time to be had. You know what I mean. Incredible. But what about you, Reed? &gt;&gt; Um, I'm going to take I'm going to take Mackenzie Durn. &gt;&gt; Good one. &gt;&gt; Mackenzie. Uh, you know, only a one-time champ, but uh it was an impressive run there in 2015. And uh obviously she went on to go do her uh MMA thing, you know, but uh Mackenzie Durn definitely one of the OG Americans holding it down for a long long time. &gt;&gt; Dude, I'm going to be honest with you, that was going to be my number one Instagram pandering pick. I knew people would go nuts for whoever drafted Mackenzie Durn. So that was a good play. Reed, you were playing. You were pandering. &gt;&gt; No, that was just honesty. I'm just giving you some honesty here. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. For the first time in your life, how did it feel? This guy's full of shit, everybody. &gt;&gt; Turn her into nobody. &gt;&gt; I'm just kidding. All right, Joe. &gt;&gt; I'm not allowed to pick Adele at plus 60, right? She she would turn. &gt;&gt; It could could be your It could be your wild card. &gt;&gt; That's a good wild card. &gt;&gt; Wild card. Uh &gt;&gt; but it also could be a good wild card for me if it you know, I'm kidding. &gt;&gt; Uh going to go with Gabby Garcia uh at plus 60. Uh &gt;&gt; I mean, you just took all the plus 60. &gt;&gt; I know. Like genuinely. Uh yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the most successful ADC women's grappler of all time. I think it's safe to say. Uh you know, if not her, then it would be Kyros. Feeling really good about those two together. Uh yeah, just a legend who's coming back this year. Already got the invite. Uh you know, going to be cool to see her against this like totally new generation that she's not had a chance to face. And for my second pick, I am gonna dig into 77. I'm gonna go with Cade. Kade Routolo is my second pick. Heard of them. Heard of them. &gt;&gt; Pretty good. Pretty pretty okay at jiujitsu. &gt;&gt; Damn. I got two Americans on the squad. &gt;&gt; Out there beating people up now. So, gotta love that. &gt;&gt; Damn. I wish Damn. I wish Kade was still in these jiu-jitsu streets like that, though. &gt;&gt; I know, dude. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Like, yeah. For the the time when he was like winning trials and and all that and the boys were on the come up. &gt;&gt; So electric. &gt;&gt; What's my team looking like? Your team is uh let's see for 66 I had you draft Josh Flores uh 77 Fabian. No, I'm kidding. 66 Baby Shark, Marcelo Garcia. You don't have an 88. Under 99 Dean Lester, you don't have a plus 99. Then minus 6, you have Mackenzie Duran. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; You need 88, over 99, and over 60. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Um, I'm going to take John Carlo. &gt;&gt; All right. Good. Good pick. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm going to take John Carlo. &gt;&gt; Yep. Good pick. Good pick. All right. So, plus 60 for me. I'm going Hette Stack. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; That's a good She So, to be honest, feel like maybe this went under the radar. She is an absolute champ at ADCC. 2007. They did different divisions - 55 - 60 or - 67 plus 67 and absolute. And so Hanette Stack is a three-time champ, I believe, because she won double gold that year and then uh she won her division again probably like when it went back to plus 60 if I'm not mistaken. I can't Yeah. Yeah, she won plus 60 in 2009. So I'm going Hette Stack. Um definitely Gabby Garcia is the one to have there. You know, it's like when it comes to just legendary performances, but I feel like Hette Stack's actually like pretty underrated as well. Um, and then I'm gonna stay away from 77 because it still scares me to be honest. And I'm gonna go minus 60 and I'm going Fon Davis. I just think like Fon is one time champ. I just I don't know, man. I think Fon's like still the best female grappler out there. We just don't get to see her as much. I just still genuinely think Fon is the best at jiu-jitsu. Um, one of the best just outright grapplers on earth in my opinion. So, I'm just a big Fon fan, I suppose. &gt;&gt; Fon incredible. Uh her run to gold was awesome in 2022. Uh and obviously she had a great run before that in uh 2019. Uh the first UK woman I believe or first European woman to win ADCC. Legend has gotten it done under every rule set. Uh yeah, still in these streets looking awesome. Her match against Casio was one of the best matches of the year. Uh what a legend. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm going to come in here and take my uh um what do we call it? &gt;&gt; Wild card. &gt;&gt; Wild card. I'm going to take my wild card. I'm taking Nadell as my wild card. &gt;&gt; I really was going to pick her. &gt;&gt; Were you Were you trying for you hoping that guy wouldn't pick Gabby? Is that who you were hoping? &gt;&gt; I was hoping you wouldn't pick Kade. I was really hoping to keep Kade on the board. &gt;&gt; I was going back and forth between Gabby and Mackenzie Darren. Looking back, I should have taken Gabby since you've already taken um Kyra. I should have taken Gabby. That would &gt;&gt; would have fucked up my plans. I would &gt;&gt; That would have been tough. All right, Joey G's time. And I need a uh here. Scroll up a little bit for me, Slack. I know I have uh uh everybody, but I need a minus 99 and I need a plus 99. For my minus 99, I'm going to go ahead and pick Kynan Dwarte, the current reigning superfight champion, uh, incredible grappler, um, you know, fivetime ADCC champion, four time ADCC champ, &gt;&gt; dude, to be honest, if I wasn't able to get Roger, Gordon, or Marcel, which is impossible, I guess, so stupid of me thinking, but if if basically however that shaped up, which if I didn't get Roger atus 99, I was going Kynan off the rip. Kynan has the second best ADCC run of all time. He he went uh seven for eight on subs. So Roger has the best run ever all submissions and then Kynan only didn't have heant. How crazy is that, dude? That's maybe not talked about enough that it's like Dante's the one guy he couldn't submit. Like Dante's absolute dog, bro. But so yeah, I think that's an incredible pick. I think it's an underrated pick and I think people who watch and comment, they might also underrate it and you guys should give more respect on that to be honest. &gt;&gt; There you go. Uh plus 99. I am going to go with Phipe Penna. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Another modern pick, but he's an absolute champion. &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, when I just think about like who's the best guy here at jiu-jitsu, obviously there's really tough guys. Vinnie, Fabricio Verdu, multiple time champion. Mark Cerr, total uh uh legend in his own right, but Fleet Penn is going to be my guy. &gt;&gt; I'm into it. &gt;&gt; I'm going Mark Kerr. &gt;&gt; Fuck. I want that. I'm going Mark Kerr. &gt;&gt; Wildard P. &gt;&gt; I'm going Mark Kerr. He &gt;&gt; I should have said his name. put it on the map for everybody. The guy winning out out there winning absolute titles. &gt;&gt; Uh, the smashing machine. I've seen a Benny Safy movie about him. &gt;&gt; Dude, four four time Dwayne the Rock Johnson. &gt;&gt; Ever heard of Can I change my pick to Dwayne the Rock Johnson? Actually, &gt;&gt; yes. &gt;&gt; But you have to give uh Adele back up. You have to use him as an alternate. &gt;&gt; My team is looking pretty good here. You guys are shaking in your boots. &gt;&gt; Marker is Mark Kerr is a sick pick to be honest. Like I had three guys for plus 999, Gordon Buches and Mark Cerr. And it's like it's hard to choose between those cuz like Mark Kerr I mean he has more titles than Buchesa. It's like kind of like oh shit. I Who knows? But Mark Kern is prime, bro. Mark Kurr in his prime. He'll he'll steal your medal and your girl at the same time, dude. So freaking watch out. But uh All right. So what do I have left? &gt;&gt; And your prescription. &gt;&gt; Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. All right, so I have to draft a 77 now. I waited till last. This is why I am scared of 77. There's two new age grapplers who are incredible picks in my opinion. Kade Ruatollo and Mika Galva and I didn't want to have to decide between them because I didn't want the backlash of somebody trying to tie me up and throw me off a bridge to be honest. So now I'm left with only Ma. So I was forced into this situation if I draft Ma. But then &gt;&gt; there's a little guy, a little guy who knows two things. That's hard work and concrete out there in New York. And that's JT Torres, the twotime 77 champ. Those are kind of my three that I had pegged. And it's like, man, I got a lot of I got a lot of old heads on my team. I feel like maybe I might have to draft someone that could end up being a multiple time like could be a fourtime, five time, could win the absolute, who knows? And so I'm going to go with Mika Galva. But it's with a heavy heart that I draft him. I didn't want to draft this division. I don't know why, but this one is one of the toughest for me &gt;&gt; to abstain from 77. &gt;&gt; Something about 77 just like it's it's scary to pick. I don't know. It's like But there's also just electric grapplers that if you didn't want to draft a champion, you could have drafted, you know, at 77 as well. Um, so yeah, that one's scary. And now I got to go for my alternate. &gt;&gt; I also have to pick my alternate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Who do I want as an alternate? Oh man. You know, it's like when I start looking at the alternates, my mind immediately goes to like uh Balio Estima or like Ricardo Arona. Get some dogs in the mix. Ricardo Arona. &gt;&gt; I have one guy and I really hope it comes back to me. &gt;&gt; If if you draft Ricardo Arona, it's crazy cuz you draft him in his prime and that's current Ricardo Arona. &gt;&gt; By the way, if you've seen unbelievable if you've seen this guy, it's incredible. Ricardo Arona, if he if you if these guys had to fight right now in their shape right now, he might be the most fit, the most ready. run back that 2000 Abu Dhabi uh division again. 100% Ricardo Arona just walking through. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; dude. That'd be sick to run back the 2000 era uh brackets. &gt;&gt; That would that is awesome. Sick. &gt;&gt; That would be awesome. Um &gt;&gt; so yeah, &gt;&gt; are there enough ambulances to have there? &gt;&gt; So I guess I'm just going to go Ricardo Arona then just to &gt;&gt; get my all body team up. &gt;&gt; Ricardo Arona, I think still the only guy to like win as many matches as he did and never be scored on. like never been scored on under ATCC rules. &gt;&gt; Like Yuri's probably right there then. &gt;&gt; But it has been scored on, you know what I mean? Or like submitted or like stuff like that. Like just Ricardo. Nobody was ever able to do anything to him. &gt;&gt; All right. So back to you, Reed. You need a plus 60. &gt;&gt; I'll go Anna Anna Cordderero. You know, um &gt;&gt; Ooji of the game. Kind of gets uh forgot a little bit. I feel like doesn't get as as much shine as a lot of the other champions, but um you know, is a legend in the game. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. That's actually a super solid one. &gt;&gt; Then Joe, you got an alternative pick. Henzo Gracie. I've been sitting here just hoping Henzo Gracie falls back to me. Uh &gt;&gt; I know that's that was the one thing I was kind of bummed that I don't have a Gracie on my team. I was going to maybe sli try to slide Cron or something in there. Henzo, but &gt;&gt; And you got Hiler in the mix, too. Uh could have gone Hiler, but uh man, just Henzo, you know, original champion at 77, OG as it comes, tough as it comes. I couldn't be happier with it &gt;&gt; for sure. Where do you guys think we missed? What name should be on there? I got one off the rip that I'm like &gt;&gt; the fact that Leo and Hiler didn't get picked up. &gt;&gt; I think Shanji, you know, &gt;&gt; most wins of all time. &gt;&gt; Fabricio, Fabricio Verdoom. &gt;&gt; Nobody picked up Briio. &gt;&gt; Nobody picked up Brolio. &gt;&gt; I was I was going between him and uh Ricardo Rona. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of really good guys who got left off here. Altimes who got left off here &gt;&gt; for sure. So yeah, we'll we'll be getting insane push back, but &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm getting calls. I'm getting calls. &gt;&gt; I'm going to list off the teams right here real quick. &gt;&gt; I'm going to get calls from people like Heath Pedigobi. Like where's Pixley? &gt;&gt; All right, so I'm going to list the teams real quick as they shaped out. We got Joe has Hafa Mendes, Kade Ruo, Gordon Ryan, Kynan Dwarte, Phipe Penna, Kyra Gracie, Gabby Garcia, and his wild card is Henzo Gracie. A true wild card. &gt;&gt; Two Gracies. But I mean it's like your team's going to fall apart. You got Felipe and Gordon on the same team. And you got Henzo. Henzo is going to be riing up. HE'S GOING BE LIKE, "PHIPE, MAN, IS THIS BULLSHIT TECHNIQUE, PHIPE? This this what is this? This uh this freaking what's he call? I'm forgetting the name. Perisa calls his uh leg trap." &gt;&gt; Oh, the bear trap bear. &gt;&gt; The bear the pre trap. The pre trap. You got this bullshit technique, bro. Gordon said he's going to smash you. I don't know. And then you're going to have internal teeth. &gt;&gt; Honestly, some turmoil. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I got Kola right there. Kid's going to be like, "God, nice. &gt;&gt; I got the thing to calm me all down, bro. All right. And so, and then Reed's team, Reed has Baby Shark, Marcelo Garcia, John Carlo Bedoni, Dean Listister, Mark Kerr, Mackenzie Durn, Anna Cordderero, and Adele for Narino in the wild card slot. &gt;&gt; And then the winning team aka Trey's team has Cobrinia, Mika Galva, Solo Hibro, Hajra Gracie, Buchesa, Fion Davis, Hanette Stack, and Ricardo Arona in the wild card slot. Now, I know Mo's going to like my team the most. &gt;&gt; I guess it counts. Mo is gonna love my team, dude. Cuz I got Ricardo Arona. So that was a I and Mo's my assistant coach. You guys didn't know that? I drafted Mo as my assistant coach. &gt;&gt; Is that your Quantum? &gt;&gt; You have Mo on Quantum. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all right. &gt;&gt; Oh, you know who's my assistant coach? &gt;&gt; Who? &gt;&gt; Shik Tanun. &gt;&gt; Oh shit. Holy shit. You guys are going to have a sick facility. That's for sure. The locker room's going to be looking right. All right. So, if you guys are seeing this right now, make sure and drop us a comment. Let us know what you think. Who drafted the best team? Who missed it? Who did we leave off the list? That should be on there. But thank you guys for tuning in to another episode. We'll be back next week and talking about all kinds of crazy stuff, dude. We'll figure out who won this whole thing. But thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next episode.