Kind: captions Language: en What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show, aka the worst show on the internet. As always, I'm Trey Robinson. We got Big Uncle Reed right there, old Joey Gilps on the left. And today, we're talking about Rio Trials. We're going to be breaking down Rio Trials and then we're going to get into the upcoming Sa Paulo trials. Maybe we'll talk about some other stuff along the way. But I got to say this, Rio Trials got a little freaking nasty out there. You boys know what I'm talking about. Things were a little freaking nasty out there in Rio trials. Very unexpected results all the way through. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I felt like it wasn't like they were all uh uh concentrated to the beginning or concentrated to the finals or anything. It was upsets just all day long. Uh really established names getting knocked off by people we had never heard of, people we had never heard of, then going on to lose to other people we had never heard of. And breakout performance, breakout performance, person we had never seen does an amazing thing. It was crazy. It was it was such a weird trials that like we kind of said before like all right this is going to be a big opportunity especially I felt like in ' 66 for someone to have a breakout performance but then the way it played out like I almost don't even know if someone did because it was so weird where it was like all right boom Kawhi Gabriel's in there oh shit he loses to uh Albuquerque but then Albuquerque loses to another guy okay wait is this guy the breakout guy oh no wait he loses to David Santos now David Santos wins and it's like wait a second here there's so many different random lines of like who was who upsetting who. I can't remember who ended up getting Phipe Machado, but it was someone else. &gt;&gt; Diego Ortiz. &gt;&gt; Diego Ortiz. Yes. &gt;&gt; Vanguard who had also tapped out Joshua Flores who we thought was going to be the Vanguard guy breaking out. He got submitted the round before. &gt;&gt; So then I'm like I started watching Diego Ortiz. I'm like, "Okay, D Ortiz, maybe he's the guy." It's like, "Nope, actually he's not either." Like it was just nuts like that. But I feel like it happened all the way through every division. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was like 15 20 guys and girls it felt like had the biggest wins of their career &gt;&gt; and then would like lose the next round or something like that. Like they had these like huge breakout wins where you're like, "Oh man, like this is the new guy who we got to be focused on and paying attention to, you know, and and then there would be kind of, you know, another new guy who would take out that new guy who we just found out about." Um, but you know, it's 80CC season. I think, you know, as things are starting to kind of uh end here with this trial, got two trials left, right? Um so the ADCC World Championships is starting to really take shape and you're just starting to see a lot of these new fresh names who haven't competed on ADC uh the that stage before and stuff like that. So, this ADCC is just really shaping up to, you know, and we've talked a lot about the next generation and, you know, kind of like the changing of the guard and stuff like that, but it feels like, man, this this ADCC is is really that's going to be kind of like the the main headline is is which one of these young upandcomers who who are kind of, you know, uh, staking their claim in the in in the ground right now, who's going to be the, you know, who's going to have the the Gordon Ryan breakout performance of 2017 or, you know, the Kind Dwarte performances or or whatever it is. It's like we got so much fresh blood now in ADCC that this thing is going to be wide open. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I 100% agree. By the time we get to the ACC World Championships, a division like 77 is generally going to be like eight really established names versus eight people like Little Jacob, Julio Martinez who won over the weekend. Uh Vetrov I think was the guy who won Euro Trials. uh uh Jarb, you know, just like all these like random random people to be, you know, not random random, obviously these people want very tough trials, but people we never saw coming. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dudes who are under the radar, like they're existing in this kind of under the radar thing. And like I guess I guess that's like what was so weird about this trials is like it wasn't just the like kind of guys that are under the radar that you know about. It was like actually while the bracket was going on, you were trying to be like, "Okay, I guess this guy's the under the radar guy." And it's like, "Oh, never mind." It was a guy that was even under that radar that I did not see any of his matches and he just won like &gt;&gt; 100%. There's like a level of guy who like like average audience person doesn't know but like we know who they are and like we see them train and do well at tournaments but we didn't get a chance to cover them, you know, but we still know. A lot of these people I've genuinely never heard of before. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like if you have sick jiu-jitsu, we have watched you, you You know, it's like you if you have fun jiu-jitsu, whether it's in the quarterfinals or, you know, at purple belt or something like that, &gt;&gt; watch like 50 matches a week. &gt;&gt; It's like we we we are are paying attention, but there even and it just goes to show how how um incredible the talent pool is down in Brazil and how kind of really untapped it is because, you know, yeah, like you said, we we just saw so many names kind of break out over the weekend that we really weren't expecting, you know, and guys like, you know, there there were a lot of, you know, veterans in in the brackets. You had guys like Gabriel Bro and uh and Majid Hayes and uh Julia Boscher, people who &gt;&gt; Charles Negroant, &gt;&gt; Charles Negroant, Paul Ardella, you know, guys who we kind of at this point we've we've watched hundreds of of these guys matches over the years and stuff like that, you know, and these guys compete a lot and they're in in the the kind of the the system and they're in the community and they're they're out there all the time and whatnot. And then to see those guys go down early, a lot of them too. I think Paul Ardella maybe lost his his second match. Um &gt;&gt; some of the seating at 88 by the way was crazy. I know that Paul in his his first match had Jose Dermaatch &gt;&gt; who's super tough and then in the next round had Gabriel Bro who we do know and is very tough and was a black belt world medalist. That was a guy who I felt like was like on his way to having this breakout thing but then he ended up losing in the finals. Uh yeah, crazy. This is one of my biggest takeaways from this first trials. And I feel like we got we got like the the writing was on the wall from 2024 South American trials and then this year very much solidified what's going on. There's there might be witchcraft involved. All right, let me explain. Let me explain. &gt;&gt; Whenever you go up against a Milky Galva student in trials, all right, they're going to be rocking a blue belt tied around their NOI kit or maybe maybe a purple belt. into. &gt;&gt; I like it, too. &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; Or maybe they're rocking a purple belt even. You know, you don't see a lot of brown or blacks for some reason. I think Kawhi Gabriel, he's a black belt, but once you graduate to that, I think they they hide it. I, you know, Milky is playing a mind game with these trials. Like, you know, he's like, "All of our blue belts, wear your belt." Like, black belts, you don't need to. You know, we wanted to go under the radar that you're a black belt, but like we want people to know they're about to fight a Milky Way. &gt;&gt; Like, would you feel would you feel good or not so good stepping out onto the mat and the guy's wearing a blue belt around his waist? &gt;&gt; I would feel absolutely terrible. Like, what do you mean, dude? Cuz for one, you know, it's a Milky student. This kid has been freaking living one of the hardest lives you can imagine in Manow. He's graduated to the Janja Academy because he showed such promise. And now Milky has sent him out there as like basically a freaking a representative of the Milky Galval brand and name. Like you know this dude's gonna be absolutely killer. But this is &gt;&gt; it's a false sense of security &gt;&gt; for sure. Like you know they're psyching people out. But this is where the witchcraft comes in. &gt;&gt; I swear if you beat a Melky Galva student, it spawns two new students in the bracket. There were not that many dudes to start with and they just kept multiplying the number of athletes in the bracket. It was like oh sick. All right. Melky has three dudes at 66. Those three dudes get taken out. Wait, how does he have six guys? How's the quarterfinals all Melky Galva students at this point? Like it's like they every time you beat one, it spawns two more. This ends up the division starts. Let's say it's a a 64man bracket. It ends up being a freaking 300man bracket because you keep spawning milky students somehow. Something's fishy. Something's going on down there, dude. I don't know how they keep multiplying these Milky Blue belts who are just absolute killers, but they got it done. Shout out David Santos. He benefited from the uh from the spawn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. From the witchcraft. Got the win at 66. &gt;&gt; I really felt like Yeah. One of the biggest, you know, witchcraft aside, one of the biggest stories is the success of the Melky team, right? &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; Three champs out of seven weight classes is crazy. Sends two kids that are color belts to ADCC. Julio Martinez at 77 and David Santos at 66. Has a couple more people on the podium. Um, you know, we've been saying for years that Milky is building an army. I think Milky just has an army now. Yeah. Like it's built. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's totally what it feels like. You know, I think, um, obviously there's a lot of great gyms and great jiu-jitsu down in Brazil and stuff like that. And Melky's been been on this um on this kind of a path now for a little while. He's got the gym in Sa Paulo and they're opening more gyms and stuff like that. But that was my impression as well kind of watching over the weekend was just like, oh wow, Melky has really arrived as kind of, you know, one of the top tier teams in in South America, you know, and there's just it just feels like I know this guy and and then there's five other guys that I don't know that are still that are winning just as much basically. Um, so yeah, definitely impressed with with Melky's team that he's putting out there, the volume of guys, the the the volume of of just good jiu-jitsu he has. But I I was thinking that like, you know, if I walk if I, you know, I'm at trials and I don't know who I'm gonna fight and it's kind of like who knows who I'm gonna fight. Am I gonna fight a black belt world champion first round or whatever, you know? And then I walk out there and the guy's wearing a blue belt. I'm like, okay, well, at least I got a &gt;&gt; That's kind of what I'm wondering. &gt;&gt; I got an okay draw. Like at least I mean I could I could have had to fight a black belt world champ. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm now so I got to fight this blue belt. Like okay, not the worst draw for me, but again it's a false &gt;&gt; except those dudes are winning the whole bracket now. Like It's crazy. And to your point about them uh sending three guys, also the female didn't qualify in this bracket, but they two of the three female champions were me. &gt;&gt; Okay, then I have it wrong that they had four champions cuz I actually was counting Ingrid. &gt;&gt; Anna Silva is also &gt;&gt; Anna Silva is also me. So they had four out of seven, which is absolutely crazy. &gt;&gt; Insane. It's just absolutely insane. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it seems like they've really taken over. They, you know, they have more gyms besides the one in Sa Paulo. I mean the only the only one I know is is the BJ College which is the Junjay school and then they have the Manau uh school which is still just like the original um social project that like where they all started and I feed Yeah. It's like straight up Melky has a feeder league. Like it's like I'm not even like I'm joking about the witchcraft stuff and all that obviously but like that part's actually true. It's like these kids really do come up like like through and I'm sure he's getting more stu like Sa Paulo kids and everything now but like that's the way the man now school works is like these kids come up through the social project and then they like reach a certain level where whether it be like getting their blue belt or whatever it is you know or showing promise or something then they move to Sao Paulo just right outside Sa Paulo in Janja and they start training at the BJJ college where they're literally doing English lessons they're doing lessons on social media they're doing obviously jiu-jitsu they all have notebooks and they're writing down their notes every class. And like that's the stuff they're doing when they're not doing jiu-jitsu for 16 hours a day on the on the mats. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is like they're doing just things to like build their career and just become even better at jiu-jitsu. I also thought um because I did think school was the biggest like crazy thing from this is how well they did. Another wild thing though is they were missing some of their like big under the radar names like Kab Henriki who's like a dude who I kind of think could win trials this year. like he did so well last year kind of like you know had some insane matches and stuff at the South American trials. He wasn't even registered. So it's like I don't know what's going on with him. But I'm curious if all of these uh like like the the kids I guess like the the crew of kids that I at least know and have like met at Milky School. I wonder if they're waiting for the Sa Paulo trials or something like they couldn't send everybody to Rio so they're just kind of like there's going to be way more registered this time. But it's like there's a bunch of dudes like there's some really young ones like Arthur Souza is probably too young to try but like he for sure could go out there and compete at 66 and just get some matches. Kabi uh &gt;&gt; Isaki Lima. &gt;&gt; Isaki Lima. It's like there's so many. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like there's so many. Yeah. Little fight, dude. They got little leg, too. I don't know what little leg is doing, but he could be in the mix. Um Yeah. I don't know. Incredible stuff from Melky's uh from Melky's school. But I I guess a couple divisions where I thought like one of the top guys ended up getting it done. Like they kind of like there was a lot of, you know, crazy tom foolery going around with who's winning, who's losing. I think I think this really speaks to how good these people are. It it was in the air that everybody was getting upset and they were like, "No, no, no, no, no. Oh, I'm still way my level is still so good that I'm going to be okay." &gt;&gt; For sure. The big boys at plus 99 under 99. Roosevelt Souza all brass tax. Roosevelt Soua said, "I don't care about all these upsets going on." What you guys talking about upsets? I never met an upset, dude. I'm freaking cruising. I'm doing my thing. Obviously, he met Bone Bone in the final. We kind of have uh this this final submission here pulled up if we want to play it. But we saw we saw Roosevelt work through Bone Bone. Super game opponent. A guy who very well could win a plus 99 trials. Just an absolute sturdy boy. &gt;&gt; CJI veteran. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But but Roosevelt came out and he took care of business. He wasn't messing around. So, uh, shout out to Roosevelt getting it done here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, this has got to be kind of like one of the sickest submissions &gt;&gt; from the, uh, from the trials. This is in the finals. Roosevelt had been cruising all day, submitting people left and right, but obviously had a very kind of worthy adversary and bomb bomb there. We've seen him compete, you know, all the time over the last 5 years or so. and uh has been in these final situations many times, but Roosevelt just kind of shut it down and uh blast doubled through to the to the side and and hit that dog bar in the finals. It was like like a minute or two into the into the match like it was it was right right away. Roosevelt wasn't messing around. U you know, punched his ticket. Like I said, glad to see that Roosevelt is going to be at at ADCC. Somebody who definitely deserves to be there and he's going to he's going to be a problem to deal with for anybody in that division to be honest. Roosevelt &gt;&gt; for sure. &gt;&gt; Former world medalist. All submissions run here. Uh took out another top 10 guy, a milky guy in Yaton Bueno the round before. I thought that was actually maybe his most impressive submission of the day because Yatan's a guy who's been, you know, he beat Big Dan recently. He's just been getting it done. Looking so so impressive, shutting down a lot of guys who are similar to Rusevelt who like to move a lot, right? I feel like Yaton is like perfectly suited to take advantage of that. And Roosevelt said, "No, no, no, no. I'm actually going to throw this inside heel hook on, get the submission victory real quick. Hope you don't mind." Uh, and it was just an awesome run. We've talked about it before, but Roosevelt, for a guy who didn't start jiu-jitsu until he was already like 21, something like that. Uh, uh, to to become a black belt world champion, an ADCC world medalist, a NOGI world champion, absolute. Uh, to to accomplish all these things is nothing short of remarkable. Uh, you know, he just continues to impress and shine and level up, right? We're seeing this guy continue to to, you know, because of that late start, we're not seeing him as a finished product as much. We're seeing more leveling up in his game than we see with some guys when they're at black belt. And I think that yeah, by the time ACC Worlds comes around, depending on that draw, man, don't be surprised if we see Roosevelt even in the finals. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I totally agree. And then, you know, a guy like Eli Braz um is this is this Eli is going to be This is going to be second. &gt;&gt; His second ADC. He wasn't there in 2022. &gt;&gt; He was there. Was he in there in 2022? I know he was there in 2024. He fought Lovato. I don't remember if he was there. &gt;&gt; I feel like I remember him being there in 2022 as well. Maybe was a late addition or or something. So, I'm I'm pretty sure this will be his third ADCC. I could be wrong there, though. But yeah, another guy who's kind of like been down this road a couple times, Eli Braz. And uh able to punch his ticket now to another ADCC. So, he's going to be a, you know, an ADC veteran in there. And as we were just talking about, not a lot of these ADCC veterans are are making the return. So, &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; That was definitely an impressive performance from Eli. Like I said, that that division was uh was was pretty stacked and felt like there was a lot of different people that could come away with it. Um if if Eli wasn't on top of his game, but but very impressive performance from him. &gt;&gt; Something to remember about my 999 when we get to Worlds is uh you know, the guy on top has been Kynan. Well, Ken's doing the super fight. Ken's probably not in this bracket, right? &gt;&gt; So, I think that there's going to be a lot of opportunity, a little bit of room for shakeup. And yes, somebody who has been at ADCC before. Eli is somebody who uh, you know, wins a lot of matches and and stays super active and uh, uh, understands this rule set really well. Got to the finals, his opponent Phipe uh, pulled guard super quick and took the penalty and you could just tell Eli was like &gt;&gt; not not giving away anything. &gt;&gt; I know what to do here. I know what to do now, you know, and played the game. &gt;&gt; Eli Braz, he also got sneaky support in the streets to be honest. Like during the live stream and stuff, everybody was going nuts for Eli Braz. I think it's a very like Brazil focused uh fan base as of like right now. You know, maybe he'll keep breaking out, but like yeah, dude, it was like the whole chat was just blowing up about Eli Braz. They were constantly telling me to show Eli Braz's match. Show Eli Braz's match. It wasn't on yet, but they were, you know, still still telling me to pull it up even though it didn't exist yet, but we eventually watched it and they went nuts for Eli Braz. So, yeah. Eli Brazne sneaky uh sneaky building a a little following it seems. &gt;&gt; I guess he's an MMA fighter. I I actually didn't know that about Eli, but like his his Instagram handle has MMA in it and uh &gt;&gt; yeah, I would not want to fucking fight Eli Bros. What a nightmare of a guy it seems like that would be to to get into a fist fight with. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; Did you guys see over the weekend that they announced um well, I know I know you guys saw, but uh over the weekend they announced uh Fabricio Andre as the uh as one of the u the few invites that they have kind of let through. They they invited uh &gt;&gt; Matteas Gamro, I believe, is the only other one. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; You're really trying to like Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second. Does Reed have insider info on other No, go ahead. Go ahead, Reed. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; The only guys they announced so far was like Hodger and &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no. Leak some stuff for us, Reed. Leak some stuff. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, the only other guy they announced is Matteas Gamra, but over the weekend, you know, being kind of a Brazilian trials weekend, I think it was only uh fitting that they kind of uh announced one of the greatest uh Brazilian trials champions um in history to that he's making his comeback to to the ADC World Championship. So, Frisio Andre, what do you guys think about that? Pretty hype, right? &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; I mean, Fiscio is uh yeah, one of the best in the world. I feel like at the last two ADCC's that he's been a part of, he's just kind of been victim of his draw, right? And there's an argument that he's been the second best guy in both these brackets. Just losing a very close one to Baby Shark. Uh and obviously we get into the deep context there. Uh but you know, one of the best in the world. Everybody knows it this time. Please just put him on the opposite side of Baby Shark and just let whatever happens happen, right? Uh that's kind of my request there. But yeah, totally deserved, totally earned. Uh one of the best in the world. Every bracket with Faio in it is better for having him in it. Uh and so let's uh let's get to work. Yeah, I feel like he's really becoming like a people's champion type of a guy. I feel like people people really really uh enjoy watching him throw down with, you know, with the big boys, with the 66 kind of whoever. Obviously, Fabricio is always game to jump in &gt;&gt; kind of uh never mind. Never mind. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. We got Reed Leak and stuff. We got Joe bitting stuff. Um, I I was just going to say that like last week we talked a lot about Fabricio just because like I feel like now when you talk about South American trials, it's hard not to want to talk about Fabricio Andre and how chaotic his run was, how sick it was to watch just how honestly how electric Fabricio Andre is. Has a gravitational pull to him. You know, if I knew anime better, I'd make some reference about like this guy, you know, in has the gravitational pool of a freaking &gt;&gt; uh Infinity Stone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, sure. Titanfitan or &gt;&gt; Yeah, a Titan. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this guy has a &gt;&gt; Yeah, this guy's an anime. This guy's an anime uh &gt;&gt; anime stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this guy's an anime stuff. &gt;&gt; Expansion. That's why. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, he's got a real domain. &gt;&gt; Has a very particular domain expansion to him. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so we talked about him a bunch. I had no idea he was getting announced at the time of us talking about that. And then it's like we get a thing in a couple days later it's like, "Hey, they're going to announce Fabricio." And it's like, "Oh shit, all right. Perfect timing, you know." Um, but yeah, it's ADCC's better when Fabricio Andre is there. I think all jiu-jitsu events to be honest are better when Fabricio is there. It's just an electric dude. So, I think that's awesome news to see he got in. And I also think that it's interesting now with Fabricio getting announced this early to try and like start speculating on like who else is going to get invited, you know, cuz it's like Fabricio is not like it's not like he is a medalist from 2019 or 2022 even, you know, or something like that. It's like he doesn't necessarily have a uh like a ADCC medal, like a world championship medal to like fall back on and be like, "Well, yeah, of course, you know, we got to invite the silver medalist from &gt;&gt; the guy." Like, if I could just throw out an example and it would be awesome if he was there. I I really don't know if he's going to be JT Torres. You know what I mean? Like, okay, JT is not going to do trials, but like he's won it before and if he's the petty, like that would be awesome. &gt;&gt; Yes. It's like Fabricio like for sure one of the most electric trials winners we've seen. multiple time trials champion, you know, or yeah, two times, right? 2022 and 2024 he won. So, um, but I just think it like maybe opens a little door into like what we're going to see for invites this year. And I think that's kind of fun to start speculating on, you know, kind of who else is out there in that Friio type of position that's just like maybe opting for an absolutely electric guy to make sure they're in the bracket as opposed to just like, you know, hanging on the moral or the whatever of uh of past competition wins or something. So, &gt;&gt; I'm all for that. I kind of think that that's what we need. Uh, you know, we're seeing a lot of new names. We're seeing a lot of people that could have crazy performances, but yeah, let's also get just get some of the people who are more established names, right? You can't have a breakout performance if you don't take out some of the best in the world. So, we need some of the best in the world there. Otherwise, what are all these young cats even doing here trying to do something? &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, obviously, yeah, like you're talking about, Fabricio had that uh really tight victory over Kabate in 2024 and then ran into &gt;&gt; two 2022. Then he beat DeAndre in 2024. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. And then and then both times, you know, had to fight Baby Shark right after, you know, and they were teammates both times. &gt;&gt; In 2022, they were teammates. In 2024, they had just split. &gt;&gt; They had just split. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it was a little bit of a In 2022, it was because of the teammate rule. 2024, it was a little more of the let's settle a beef rule, you know. So, &gt;&gt; Right. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I agree with Joe, though. Let's get these boys on opposite sides. All right. Let's just uh let's all agree on that right now. We'll &gt;&gt; Man, I just need to know like where are we putting Pau? Where are we putting Dorian? Where are we putting Baby Shark? Obviously, where are we putting Freeio? Like there's something in one of these quarterfinals is going to be one of the craziest matches we've &gt;&gt; seen. You guys know one of my favorite parts of watching the trial stream. &gt;&gt; What's that, Trey? &gt;&gt; Just seeing Baby Shark walking around being the man in the background. Just walking on. Hey, Baby Shark. I'm Baby Shark. Baby Shark is here. a twotime 80C champion. The baby goat just, you know, you know, he's just telling everyone that he's an 80C champion. Like just just walking around going like, "Ah, yes, this trials is very cool, but I'm twotime ADC champion." So, &gt;&gt; you had the medals. &gt;&gt; What a legend, dude. &gt;&gt; You guys want to do Baby Shark Smiles? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I was. &gt;&gt; Yes. Pretty good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; there's a thumbnail. Open myself up right every Trey takes advantage of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I only did a baby shock. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he smiles down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's the only guy who frowns upward and smiles down. &gt;&gt; It's not too much of a frown. It's just like &gt;&gt; And he's having a great time. I think it's important to point that out is like he just doesn't really like get smiling for some reason. &gt;&gt; What uh what is something else stand out to you? one of the classes in ginger. &gt;&gt; No, I was just going to say that I could see Baby Shark walking around in the background and I know that they did dude they had a Ter seminar on on Friday which which I always thought is pretty sick. Anytime you can get Ter out there on uh you know on Friday they had Ma and Ter and I think Baby Shark and maybe a couple others did did like a big huge seminar down there in Brazil. So that seemed like it was pretty sick. Um love to see the ter out there still still showing up uh some people how to jiu-jitsu and stuff like that. Um, but as I was like seeing Baby Shark walk around, so you know, I try not to like like fan out, you know, but at the end of the day, I am a fan. I am a fan. &gt;&gt; It does. It is crazy how like 99% of the time we're meeting like the coolest like world champs and all this and like it's like we we can like manage it, but like there is like a couple of guys for each of us, I feel like where it's like, "Oh my god." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's like, "Oh shit, like dude, we're here with like Marcelo Garcia. We're here with Roger Gracie. Like this is a dream come true that like I'm just having a conversation with these guys and stuff like that." You know, but I was like, man, the next time I see Baby Shark, I got to get a picture with Baby Shark. I got to get a picture with Baby Shark. &gt;&gt; Funny guy to get a picture with. &gt;&gt; I Yeah. I just feel like I just saw everybody everybody getting their pictures with Baby Shark and like there I don't know. There is something about him right now like he is just kind of like the man, you know, but like there's like some subverted expectations there, but you're like no, he's the the man and like people seem to love him, you know? And uh I don't know. I just was like, man, I got to get myself a picture of Baby Shark, to be honest. &gt;&gt; I I think I think like that group of dudes um I'm going to kind of talk about Fabricio with Dogo and Ma right now cuz they did all come up together, you know, since they were kids and stuff. They are sneaky, hilarious dudes. Like, do Ma and Fabricio are so funny. On top of being absolute killers, they are also very funny. Ma hides it the most. Mika hides his humor the most. But Mika will will drop some very funny, very like, "Oh, I can't believe Mika just made that joke." type of jokes and stuff sometimes. And Diego is just like walking around a like a constant joke. Like not saying he's a joke, but everything he does is kind of a joke. And I think like even like leaning into wearing the Baby Shark hat, walking out with the Baby Shark D music, it's like this dude gets the humor in that. Like he doesn't he's not it's not like he's blind to the fact that what he's doing is funny. His voice even is funny, you know? Like everything about Diego is funny. And then he wins matches. He wins everything. He wins everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He goes out there and it looks like Diego P is going to get him at in the finals and he says, "No, you forgot I'm the baby goat. You forgot I'm the baby goat. I will be I will be submitting him now." And then he just submits PTO. It's like this guy's absolutely insane, bro. &gt;&gt; No one submits Pau. Like &gt;&gt; so So I mean, yeah, I I 100% agree. just like electric dudes out of out of this uh that came up through the ranks under Melky and stuff like funny dudes. But you got to get a picture. I got a I got a picture with Dio one time. He gave me the Baby Shark uh rash guard at a WNO and I got a picture of him holding the rash card. That was super sick. It's a size extra extra extra small, so you can't really wear it, but like &gt;&gt; just throw it into the crowd. &gt;&gt; I threw it into the crowd. I was like, "Yeah, I was at I was at a hotel outside of Who's Number One's venue, and I just said, "Oh, thanks, DO." Boom. He just chucked it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Fabricio took the picture. &gt;&gt; We do have the People can see it, especially for on like the wide shot, I think people could see. But we have the Baby Shark uh hat here. Uh uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe we'll make some jokes of our All right, make a funny joke, Reed. You got the Baby Shark hat on. &gt;&gt; I I do think Gio Yeah. Like for the type of funny he is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Shout out Baby Shark. &gt;&gt; Shout out Baby Shark. &gt;&gt; Shout out. &gt;&gt; He's the kind of guy where at any time like somebody could just be like, &gt;&gt; "Hey, Baby Shark, what are you doing right now?" And like everybody would start laughing because he's doing a ridiculous thing at all. &gt;&gt; 100%. And he also just like mixes like intensity of competition with like being funny and personable right after and before. Like it'll just be like, "Hey, you thought was going to get me, but I said no. Wait." And then he'll just like walk off like so. Yeah. I don't know. &gt;&gt; They work on their comedic timing for 45 minutes a day in TJ College. &gt;&gt; That is the kind of commitment these people have, &gt;&gt; dude. Imagine Baby Shark just like Kill Tony filmed here in Austin, Texas. Bucket Pull. Our next our next, however Tony Henchiff talks, you know, Bucket Pull is going to be Baby Shark. And there's just a music hits. He comes running out and he just keeps telling people how he's a two-time ADC champion. And they just love it. They're just dying laughing. Might be the greatest kill Tony performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Give us something interesting about your life, Baby Shark. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I was born from Mommy Shark. He also plays &gt;&gt; and I'm a two time ACC champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. So, that was Baby Shark Talk here on the Flow Grappling Show. &gt;&gt; There is one more guy that I really want to start talking about and that's that Franco Diaz for sure. Right. We were talking last week about these Peruvians about how just like just seems like they're just always down to get these crazy wars. And I feel like Franco really personified that really well. And just from the first round on, second round on, second round, he had Charles Negroante. Charles Negroante was just in the quarters of ADCC Worlds. Franco beat him here. Uh, and then right after that was Francisco Low. And then he had the guy who I think beat Gustav Batista or something like that to to even just make the semi-finals. Was an insane collection of people that he had to beat. Sorry about that hitting the mic. Uhhuh. And then he goes on and wins it with a sweep in the last like 10 seconds. Epic performance from Franco Diaz. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Here we have we have his uh this is his final here, right? Where he hits this sweep to the back. Talk about a dude who trains with Roberto Jimenez. I mean, if that doesn't show you the proof of of El Naturel's influence, like, what will &gt;&gt; we see it again there? I want I want to see that. &gt;&gt; That was super sick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is against Gabriel Bro, like an absolute tank of a competitor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's hearing almost like a shoulder crunch and takes him over the top. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that was sick. Gets the back. Yeah, just like Roberto would. &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he trains with Roberto. They those guys uh we've been out there before with them at Unity and Franco was like one of Roberto's main training partners in his last WNO camp and it was sick to see that done. You you've dropped a cool stat right about Peruvian uh trials champions. Joe, &gt;&gt; this is the second person This is the second Peruvian who will compete at the ADCC World Championships joining 2003's Tony Duza. &gt;&gt; Duza known for being the uh innovator of the Peruvian necktie. &gt;&gt; Hell yeah. There's a lot of of um new nationalities I feel like coming through. It's like, you know, you know, I guess &gt;&gt; actually been around for a while. &gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Uh but I was thinking like, you know, there's a bunch of these Russian guys in there. Um you know, I I think there is a Russian ADCC champion from &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Like a plus 99 from like many years ago, &gt;&gt; from back in the day, I think. But um yeah, it seems like there's a lot of nationalities going to be represented at this ADC. A lot of European nations, of course. And &gt;&gt; Australia's got a couple. UK as a couple, uh, &gt;&gt; Poland, of course. Yeah, Poland. &gt;&gt; Um, so definitely shaping up to be a very global, uh, tournament, which, um, you know, is always been the goal for for for ADC, right, is to really highlight the the best from each region. And as the these regions are kind of leveling leveling up and kind of evening evening out the playing field, obviously it was Brazil kind of just dominating for a while, and to a certain extent, they still do. America is is kind of right up there now, but obviously you're going to see guys from Poland and the UK and and Australia start to really kind of try to make their mark here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I just wanted to run through Franco Diaz's run real quick because like it was like a sneaky super impressive run. It wasn't just like he just kind of like cakewalked into the semis or something. Starting backwards from the final, he had Gabriel Bro, a guy kind of picked as one of the favorites to potentially win this &gt;&gt; black belt world finalist. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Before that, he had Tyrone Tyrone Gonalves, who I believe is from French Gana, right? If I'm not &gt;&gt; He's uh uh I don't know if he's from French Gana. Uh &gt;&gt; what Oreli is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Orly is. And he trains with Six Blades and he trains every day. Flee Costa and Victor Hugo and like &gt;&gt; he's an absolute killer. Like he's another guy that I was like this Tyrone could win this for sure. So Franco would be him. Before that he had Francisco Low and then before that he had Lucas Galberto and then before that Charles Neggerante and then he fought in the first round Vtor Hugo which is close to Victor Hugo but maybe not the exact same. &gt;&gt; I mean that's a pretty pretty murderous like that is pretty wild. &gt;&gt; Guberto is like your off round. You know what I mean? Like he's just a world class killer himself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like for for a tournament like this where it can be a lot of names that you don't know or you don't like you might know him but you don't know which of the four names to pick as who the guy actually is, you know, it's like he had every fight was a recognizable R name like a notable highlevel competitor. And yeah, he just like worked his way through that bracket. Maybe potentially one of the toughest brackets like a guy could have honestly out of all these like out of all these uh brackets from trials and yeah, end up getting the win. So shout out Franco Diaz. Incredible run from him. super incredible, super impressive. Can't wait to see what he can do at ADCC World, somebody with that much scrap in them. Uh, I'm definitely excited to see. I felt like even on the other side of that bracket, there was some crazy seating because I remember when the bracket came out, Paul Diller's run was like, "Okay, first round he's got Jose Derma, who's a Nogi Pan Champ and world medalist at the black belt level." Uh, second round he's got Gabriel Bro, black belt world finalist, like a month and a half ago or whatever. Uh and then after that, had he had won that, lost by decision. Had he won that, it would have been probably Gustavo Batista who ended up losing by an upset himself uh uh before that. And that was just to beat Gustavo to make the semi-finals, you know what I mean? He was looking at another run exactly like that. But uh that side of the bracket also got super crazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So wild stuff there. Um &gt;&gt; Wait, does it does Franco Diaz, he trains at Unity kind of full-time or so? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm pretty sure like I'm pretty sure he had a Unity Rashgard on in the final um if I'm not mistaken. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I know he like I don't know how much time he spends in Peru if that's where he like lives and his home is or anything versus coming to New York to train. I don't know if it's like a camp situation. You never I guess fully know how much time guys are splitting between these but like I would say he's a Unity guy. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we definitely we should go out and you know always looking for an excuse to go out and and visit Unity again. So as we're doing some some ADCC uh worlds elite dub stuff, that'd be awesome to go out and visit him. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Shout out by the way to Unity's Natan Chuang and his wife Karini for getting married over the weekend. &gt;&gt; Legends. Legends. &gt;&gt; DJ Korea. &gt;&gt; The best in the world out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we love them here. &gt;&gt; What a power couple. &gt;&gt; You know, they might be too too dangerous together, you know. &gt;&gt; Y take take over the the jiu-jitsu world, the two of them &gt;&gt; via media and highle competition. &gt;&gt; A deadly duo. &gt;&gt; Um, all right. So, we kind of talked about 66 a bit. 77. Uh, was that Julio Martinez, the Milky Kid? That kid was freaking ripped out of his gourd, bro. I was like, "How this guy's 77? Are you guys sure?" Like, I was like I was Maybe they messed up the division. I'm pretty sure this guy weighs 5,000 pounds. Like, but uh to I got to be honest, I didn't really see a lot of Julio Martinez's matches. Like, he's a guy for me that just kind of like maybe popped up, but I wasn't really like keeping a tab on him, you know? kind of just came through and then all of a sudden it's like, "Oh shit, this guy just &gt;&gt; What about would you guys catch much of it or?" &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was in scraps all day. He had to use a lot of different skills, you know what I mean? Uh uh which didn't surprise me. It wasn't like he had like one specialized thing that he was really good at, but he showed some wrestling. He showed some leg locking that I thought was really impressive. And uh yeah, just another one of these Milky kids has just built up over the years. Tough, tough, tough. Uh, and yeah, I felt like it's like probably like the fourth best Melky 77 that they have in the room, but he was still able to get it done. Just speaks to the depth that they have. Uh, absolutely crazy. There's a couple guys who were going off in this bracket. Marcela Fausto, who I didn't realize was in the bracket, which for sure would shouted him out, by the way. Shout out Majid Hage, 88, was having a fun time there. Uh, nobody has more fun. Uh, &gt;&gt; and then, uh, yeah, there's just a bunch of guys 77. I I I didn't see too many Julio's matches. I saw from like the semi-finals on. I was keyed in, of course. Uh uh but it was just one of those things like man I feel like if they ran back this bracket a dozen times we might have a dozen different champions. &gt;&gt; Yeah there's a whole bunch of other guys in there who did have good performances too that we were watching you know and then but then didn't end up making the quarters or semis. I it's like you know I watched a couple of uh Gustavo Batista's early on matches but I totally lost lost track of him and I was watching Ernesto Rivera had had some good matches. Fabian Ramirez had had some good matches, kind of made a deep run. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, there was a bunch of other guys. &gt;&gt; It was just a crazy trial, you know. It's like you're watching a guy and then all of a sudden it's like, wait, I haven't seen Batista in a while. What happened? You go back, look up the result, and it's like, oh wow, he lost, you know. Yeah. But one thing too, talking about the nationalities and stuff, I feel like last year's South American tri or 2024 South American trials, it was a lot of uh Peruvian guys making like statements, making, you know, crazy matches, crazy moments where I was like, "Oh, dude, the Peruvians are sick." I still think that's true. Obviously, a Peruvian won this one, so that's like a big deal. But for me, this time it was the Chileans. &gt;&gt; I was watching the Chileans. Were you boys watching the Chileans? &gt;&gt; I was actually on to the Argentinians. We're having a super solid tournament. Yeah, like Lucas Kanto went pretty far. &gt;&gt; Martin Abiel who was in the finals 77 I think went all subs up until that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Bianca Gianini she's from Argentina and stuff. But this dude Pierre Paulo Chia. All right. Chia the the Chilean wood chipper Chia. All right. He was pretty sick to watch. He ended up losing a decision to Arley Brand. &gt;&gt; Is that his nickname or &gt;&gt; I'm coining it? That's pretty sick nickname. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm coining the the &gt;&gt; Chilean wood chipper is is &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz in in the chat everyone everyone kept shouting out Chile. So I was like, "All right, I'm in, dude. I'm a Chile guy." And that's how I say it. I say it like that. Chile. You know what I mean? I put a little I put a little stank on the end. A little Chile. I was like, "Oh, the Chileans are out there. I'll watch." You know, and shout out the Chilean song. They were getting me to sing on stream. If you guys want to tune into this live, we're I'm doing another live stream on Saturday to watch this. And I'm a slave to the chat. I don't know. I do whatever they say. So, I was hitting the chile le viva chile chile le viva chile, you know. I was hitting that Chilean song, getting it going for uh uh Chipa, the Chilean wood chipper, you know. So, I'll be watching him next Trials. You better believe it. The Alleycats ride with the the Chilean wood chipper. Chippa, &gt;&gt; just imagine Trey sitting there reading lyrics. Le Chile. &gt;&gt; 100% what I was doing, right? I did it and then I finished doing it and I said, "So, how was that, boys?" And some guy just went really bad. All right. &gt;&gt; MODS BLOCK HIM. &gt;&gt; Uh but also Carlos Romero. Carlos Romero, another guy who made uh the quarterfinals, I believe, um from Chile. So, some good Chilean representation. &gt;&gt; I just was going to say I remember from uh Copa Podio. I believe the middleweight Grand Prix was in Argentina, Buenos Aries, and they had a uh like a Peru versus Brazil. Maybe it was maybe it was Peru versus Argentina. I think it was Peru versus Brazil kind of like you know how like Copio used to do those kind of like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Like they did the &gt;&gt; the Vikings are coming. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The Vikings and they had the Cabraas Depes and stuff like that. So for that one it was like the Peruvians are are taking over and they had all these Peruvian guys and um I just remember the crowd really loving the the the Peruvian guys. They definitely were were crazy. &gt;&gt; Nice. Well, we moved on that's my that's my experience with &gt;&gt; we've moved on to next. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We moved we moved on to the chili boys. And listen, if you guys are that cold, put on a jacket. You know what I'm saying? That's why that's all I got to say about chili. You know what I mean? Put on a jacket. &gt;&gt; Been hanging out with Ray too much. &gt;&gt; You're going to be Ray's just been Ray's just been I just moved. Ray's just been showing up to my house. He's literally It's happened twice now, which I like it. You know, I think it's cool to give some inside baseball talk segment of the show. Ray just will call me and he'll be like, "What are you doing?" And I'm like just hanging out at home moving boxes. And he was like, "Okay, sick. I'm 5 minutes away. I'll be there in a second." And he just pulls up. I like he knocks on the door. My dog starts barking and stuff. So like Kennedy's my girlfriend's asleep on the couch. And I like open the door. Ray walks in full Canadian tuxedo, denim button-down shirt, denim pants, and uh and boots. And he just walks through my door, doesn't say a word, walks in, hangs a left, goes into my bathroom. I'm like, "What are you doing, bro?" He's like, "I'm going to use your bathroom." And I'm like, "Okay." He just used my bathroom. He was in there for eight minutes. Dude dropped hot rangus in my bathroom and I guarantee it. You know, there's nothing else he could be doing in there. Comes out and then he's like, "Let me see this office you're working on." And he goes back to where I do the live streams. He's like, "All right, this is what I'm thinking. I'm thinking we put a big shelf right here." He starts giving me all these notes on how I can build out the studio. And he just starts yelling at my girlfriend. Wakes her up on the couch. Not a quiet guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Making No, not a quiet guy. Making some jokes and whatnot. And he's like, "All right, man. I'll see you at old matt." And he leaves. That was just it. That was like both experiences. Kennedy, my girlfriend, has started referring to him as Uncle Ray. She's like, "This dude's like a like one of those crazy uncles you have who's just like, "Hey, I'm outside your house. Come let me in." You know, like, so &gt;&gt; pretty similar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Uncle Ray is &gt;&gt; shout out Uncle Ray, dude. Just showing up just freaking kind of sick. I kind of like it. Makes me feel cool, you know? Just raise I'm outside. You want Pete Terry's? I'm like, no, I'm good. And he's like, damn, BOY. YOU WANT NO PETE TERRY'S? GODAMN. &gt;&gt; OH, it's like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, fine. I won't get you no Pete Terry's in. Don't come asking me for Pete Teres. So, yeah, I guess I have been hanging out with Ray too much is my the moral of the story. &gt;&gt; All right, that's our Ray segment for this week. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, so obviously uh for this trials, the females don't qualify, but just to shout out the female champions real quick, you know, uh we had Anna Silva wonus 65. We had Monserat Perez win minus 55, and then Ingred Alves won plus 65. I think like one of the biggest notable things about the females that win the first trials, obviously they're primed to take a ton of momentum into the second trials where they're going to be able to qualify. But the brackets get a little tougher the second trials. I was already peeping it a little bit. You guys know what name I saw in minus 55 for the females that I'm excited about. &gt;&gt; But she is sure tough. &gt;&gt; Maisa Bastos. Maisa Bastos. The last name on this list has entered the bracket. I think anytime Maisa Bastos is in a tournament, you can expect her to go on a little run. Things have been crazy at these trials, but uh definitely cool to see Maisa in there. I also think, you know, I kind of thought that Bianca Gianini would win this division at the first trials, but now her coming back taking silver. &gt;&gt; I almost wonder if sometimes, you know, it's hard to win two trials. Yeah. You know, so it's like it's really hard to win one, let alone two. So it's like, you know, can can Monserat do it again? punch her ticket or is like, you know, Bianca gonna come back, go on a run, maybe they meet earlier or something, she figures something out, goes eats meets my in the fastos, who knows in the finals, but uh kind of who knows. But is there anyone else I guess we can start running through the the uh registrations for the second trials going down Saturday, March 21st. &gt;&gt; I wonder if my has ever done any ACC trials before. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's won one. Yeah, she's won trials. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Blanked out on it. Yeah. I can't I can't remember which one. I'm pretty sure she's won &gt;&gt; 2022. She won the trials. She did not win in 2024. Yeah. But she got an invite in 2024. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The thing with my Isisa is always just any tournament she enters for ADCC is already basically an open, right? Because or an absolute I mean uh because uh you know there's a girl can make 105 pounds if she needs to. Uh she's so small and going up in a rule set that favors kind of big physical people. Uh it's not like she's like the most lights out leg locker in the division. Uh that just creates opportunities for upset, but then Misa is just so sick that like for most people doesn't really matter. But there is a path to victory, right? They're going to have to stand her up. If you can go that eight minutes in regulation or if you make it to to the final, she has to wrestle with you. If you can make it that six minutes of regulation, she has to stand back up with you. You're going to have a chance &gt;&gt; for sure. And uh just one quick thing on Monzerat Perez. I was trying to remember which country she's from. She's Chilean also, so she's she uh got it done for Chile. Chi-Chi Chile Lelay Viva Chile Chile Le Chile Viva Chile Chile Chile. Put on a jacket. It's Chile. You know, second trial is going to be pretty cold. So, everybody bring your jackets. &gt;&gt; But, uh, so maybe she'll go on a run again. Let's just keep working up through the divisions, I guess, if you guys are down for that. Is everybody cool with that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where are we looking? We're looking at &gt;&gt; I'm just looking at the now women's 65. Just the registration on smooth camp minus 65. Uh, and Slack has it up as well. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Hard for me to see that, I'll be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's real small, but there you can look at the big monitor over there. Over there. &gt;&gt; True. Anna Silva is back. And I know that uh that girl Annie uh uh &gt;&gt; Anna Claraara Anna Silva &gt;&gt; Anaclara uh who was in the finals last time and is very very tough. Uh will also be back. Uh yeah, just a lot of Milky Girls, right? Uh Livia Berine, who has been the prospect of the month. Everybody's super excited about Livia Barcine. She went double gold grand slam through juvenile to blue belt last year. Uh so she's the young exciting upand cominging force in this division that I think a lot of people are going to have to be dealing with. &gt;&gt; And Julia Boser is also in this minus 65 division. She ended up taking uh third place at the first one. So I think she's a you know a veteran of the game. Super tough uh grappler. So she's definitely someone to keep an eye on as well for this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. just it's like it's totally true that when you know these second trials there's more on the line. you know, there there's just that little extra on the line, but but that little extra matters so much. And I feel like, you know, we saw it maybe a little bit with uh with Anna uh um with Anna, I believe, you know, where she uh end up losing, of course, the second uh European trials and stuff where it's just like, man, just that little extra of that the person punches their ticket just can change things so dramatically. And you know, it's like, like you said, it's really hard to win trials twice in a row. The silver medalists are still feeling that hunger. They feel like they didn't they didn't, you know, reach the top of the mountain. So, it just feels like for for this second trials, especially in the women's division, it just feels like anything can happen. &gt;&gt; Motivation's higher. You're going to have a couple more matches just the way it is. Uh it is uh always one of the best trials is going to be the women in the second trials. Uh with so much on the line, &gt;&gt; incredible. Like speaking of more names being in for the second trials, I think plus 65 has some of the biggest maybe my Isisa Bastos would be kind of like the one of the most established champions, someone who's been there multiple times, you know, um making it in, but plus 65 Yara Suarez has entered. I think Yara Suarez can beat almost any grappler on earth, you know. It's like she's incredibly good. Uh Maria Rafado Gilpin, Joe's distant relative, is also back in again, you know, for this one. She's super tough. Um, and then, you know, there's a lot of girls who are gonna like potentially break out. Like it's like I think I Ingred Souza obviously just won the first trials, so she's in as well. Ingred Souza and Yara are former teammates, right? Like they both eventually went through the dream art uh, you know, route. I think Yara is Frace and then I think Ingred is now Melky. I don't know what's going on with Fat Trace. I've heard rumors that it's no more, but I don't know for sure. I think a lot of the fraud trace people went with the Mun brothers to go with Soldiers and Soldiers BJJ now is like Mumm and the Mun Brothers and stuff, but I don't know for sure. But Yara Suarez is in there. Ingred Suza, they might meet. That might be a a wild one. Um, speaking of Dreamark girls, Agatha Negro is a super tough upand cominging uh I think she's a purple belt now, but everybody's been super super high on her. She's big, she's strong, she's experienced. Uh, she usually gets it done by submission. I think she was double gold at Euros. Agatha is somebody that I think everybody needs to pay attention to coming up in the women's divisions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then so to keep going along, men's 66. I mean, you gotta you got to point out here the trials champion from the first one, David Santos, is registered for the &gt;&gt; Got to love it. Got to love it. Just for the love of the game. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. &gt;&gt; He's just going to block somebody. He's trying to block somebody from getting &gt;&gt; No, they'll obviously have to drop his name. I remember Ma in uh 2022 tried to do both trials and they were like no you can't do that ma like he's like I want the experience like no um I think for 66 my question to you guys is we knew there would be a breakout star but we kind of pegged a small list of guys that we thought were kind of right there on the cusp that would break out. Do you think we see one of those guys get it done this time? Or do we see another kind of insane bracket play out where it's just like a Diego Ortiz or someone someone now who's a little more on the radar because of the first trials but not really like someone we were pegging early on uh to be in the finals or something? Or does it someone like Philipe Machado get it done and they kind of push through? &gt;&gt; I just feel like I kind of learned my lesson here with the first trials that like you just can't predict this bracket to be honest. like I I I feel like we could do kind of do our best, but then I I have a feeling like there's going to be some names that that that end up doing super well that that we didn't call out, you know? I mean, I think obviously there's a lot of the names that we called out last time who who uh got upset in in the first trials that are going to be, like we said, even hungrier this time around, uh like Qu Gabriel and and things like that. But, uh I don't know, man. kind of like I just feel like this this this 66 especially is just like maybe impossible to predict. &gt;&gt; But let's point out real quick. I think you mentioned this guy earlier, but Arthur Souza is in there. &gt;&gt; Is he really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So yeah, you can see him at the top of the screen. Uh uh right over here. &gt;&gt; This kid's 15 years old, dude. He's absolute killer out of me school. &gt;&gt; Yes, I would add Arthur Souza to the list of guys that we're super excited about. But yeah, like Josh Flores, Diego Ortiz, I think somebody who caught our eye. Yeah, but like you said, Reed, like trying to predict a South American trial 66. That's uh that's that's to use your phrase from earlier, witchcraft. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I need I'm throwing chicken bones and trying to gauge off the the augury of of birds and flight. I have no idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have to spend some time in the Amazon rainforest talking to the uh the tribes and whatnot if you want answers out of this division. But Arthur Souzer being in is awesome. That's so sick. I'm stoked he's in. Um, I mean, last time I saw Arthur Souza, he was an orange belt and he probably weighed like 45 pounds. So, who knows what he weighs now and how how big he is, but uh that'll be sick. &gt;&gt; We got some more Peruvians in here. You got some Ecuadorians, you know, Colombians, Argentinians. Got a good uh good &gt;&gt; What country are you riding with? Everyone pick a country. &gt;&gt; Chile. &gt;&gt; No, no, dude. No, I already called it that I &gt;&gt; What? Dude, I was going to call Chile. Oh, all right. All right. Sing a song then. &gt;&gt; No. No. Okay. I'll I'll I'll um I'll take Peru. &gt;&gt; Okay. You want to pick a country? I got Chile. &gt;&gt; There you go. Uh Colombia. &gt;&gt; All right. Sick. Honestly, &gt;&gt; it was on Colombia. Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh Ecuador wouldn't be a bad pick. &gt;&gt; Ecuador would be a good one. &gt;&gt; That'd be kind of cool. Martin Montalo is pretty sick. Um all right, let's go up to 77. I see actually. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a good good call. 77. I see horses in there. Aleandro Battello. Uh, who else we got here? &gt;&gt; Hobinho, I think is going to be back. Hobinho is a guy who got upset at this most recent uh trials pretty early on and uh had to be feeling horrible about that. There was a guy who was a big favorite coming in. But yeah, it is just one of those things like, okay, you know, Hobin, you can beat like one of these 16 year olds. Can you beat seven of them in a row? &gt;&gt; Definitely. I'm just kind of &gt;&gt; super tough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh there's there's like a lot of tough names. This is a huge huge bracket. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm trying to find &gt;&gt; Gabriel Andrade Montero is definitely a guy who had a great performance at the last one. Uh may have been the guy who beat Hobinho now that I say it out loud. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like and then there's a name like Arley Brandal, which like I'm not super hip to Arley Brandal, but like he seemed to have some good matches, put on some good stuff. So yeah, I mean &gt;&gt; I think that's Arley Pacheco. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's Arley Pacheco. Okay. All right. There. I got fooled by the names. I got fooled by the names. Again, &gt;&gt; that straight up is the thing is like we will know these guys by a certain thing. Like Marcelo Montenega Montananga is another example right there. But like that's Marcelo Fausto. That's a checkmat guy. I know how good that guy is. He's one of the craziest submission hunters in this bracket. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Pacheco is a Pisa guy, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I believe. Um but yeah, so I think 77 we're going to see &gt;&gt; another one that's just wide open. Wide open. It feels like &gt;&gt; it is if Hobinho can't get it done. I think Hobin like is like the one guy who could really cuz I kind of am feeling Fausto now after seeing Hobinho at this last one even the first couple rounds like he didn't exactly have that like you know go out there arm triangle guy in a minute kind kind of ris going to him right it it was he was having to struggle for a couple things that's that makes me a little nervous about seven matches in a day he's a dog but still uh it makes me feel like yeah maybe a guy like Arley maybe a guy like Fausto who's going to rack up a lot of submission finishes and not have the mat time by the time he gets to the tough matches &gt;&gt; it really does feel like like uh &gt;&gt; ADCC experience is just such a big advantage. You know, ADCC open, you know, it's like for a lot of these guys who don't compete in the ADC Open circuit in the ADCC trials all the time or anything like that, just don't have that experience. It does feel like it takes them a couple matches to kind of like get find that like strategy groove or just like find that groove of a the flow of a of an ADCC match because it's kind of a little different than than many other kind of rule sets and stuff like that. I feel like it throws people off sometimes, &gt;&gt; dude. Even in subtle ways, like uh the subtle nuance of trying to get a decision or whatnot, you know, like I I think it's a real thing that like your body language right after a match if it's going to decision has somewhat of an impact on a decision. And there was one match where Majid went to a decision, but he like uh went to decision and he was like on bottom like playing half or something, you know, and I was like, "Okay, it's not the best look to end on bottom, you know, if it's going to the decision, but he immediately gets up and just does like the double hands up like I nailed it." The other guy kind of stays down and is like on a knee, you know, and I'm like, "Oh, &gt;&gt; I think Maji just won that decision. He might have just won that decision right there." So, definitely experience plays a role like that for &gt;&gt; you're big into the the match outside the match. It's kind of right in your wheelhouse. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the role outside the role is the most important role to win. You know, it's like who cares if you tap me eight times in 5 minutes because I'm making sure I've already established a narrative before going in and then I'm really pushing the narrative afterwards so that everyone around thinks that like, oh, Trey must have, you know, something must have been up. Like, Trey Trey definitely won that, right? Even though he got tapped eight times. You know, you got to you got to win the role outside the role. Instructional coming soon. &gt;&gt; Just being like, yeah, I think I think I can roll. and then just like stretching your leg for like a little 20 seconds and then just like after being like, "Yeah, it held up pretty good. Thanks." &gt;&gt; I'm not big on coaching through the submission. I think that's too on the nose. But afterwards, you got to always tell the guy like if they really worked you just be like, "Man, dude, your game's been getting a lot tougher. Your game's been getting a lot tougher recently cuz it's like, wait a second, this guy just smoked me." But now it feels like there's an air of like I'm still kind of like, you know, hierarchically above for some reason. So, got to start winning that role outside of the role. 88 kilos. This bracket has some of the same names, but I feel like this is a very different bracket from the first trials. Like Enrico say is in, Francisco Low is in. Um, a lot of the guys who kind of had some good performances well, but I'm not seeing like Gustavo Batista in here. &gt;&gt; No Gustav Batista, no Paul. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no Paul Ardella. &gt;&gt; I I will say we had people entering this bracket until like the day before. It felt like Majid H it felt like had like a 24-hour notice uh to be able to hop in the bracket. So, &gt;&gt; so yeah, it could change for sure, but um Paganini is in. I think Paganini is a really tough guy going on a run, but definitely, you know, all of these are just going to be kind of some wild matches and wild new guys staking their claim. &gt;&gt; You guys remember who Francisco Low lost to or &gt;&gt; uh to Diaz? Francoz. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Was somebody on that crazy run? Uh so, yeah. Now, you know, is it just the kind of thing like it it really is kind of thing Franco took out so many guys that like I don't know who was having a good day. looked like Francisco Low was having a pretty good day early on, but then he lost. &gt;&gt; Uh so so maybe one of these guys is going to have another chance to to show himself a little bit more here as we move into the uh more southern trials. &gt;&gt; Francisco Low always just such a wild card to me. I feel like, you know, it's like he can always go out there and feel like blown &gt;&gt; the number one best guy in the world or not do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and then under 99, I saw John Maltise is in for this one representing Venezuela. I think John Maltiz is a cool guy to be in the mix. Um, &gt;&gt; Philip Trovo, who took second at these most recent trials, he's going to be in. Anderson Diaz, who is the, uh, brother of uh, Lissa Diaz. I think that's the same guy. It looks like he's entered. So, that's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ramiro Leon, Argentinian representing Kingsway. I remember he had some a good run. Then there's like Jose Anasio do Santos, a killer out of Brazil, &gt;&gt; former trials champion, I believe, won the uh trials last time. &gt;&gt; And then let's look at plus 99. Roosevelt's in again. Um &gt;&gt; Roosevelt looking good to to crush again. &gt;&gt; Uh Yaton Bueno in there. Definitely a guy to watch. &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be Yaton Bueno is is going to be really hard for me to to pick against in any match that he has. so big, so strong, &gt;&gt; locked in with Melke and having great results, multiple ranked wins at heavyweight with only like two or three matches, put himself into the top 10. Uh, and that's a very deep top 10. So, that's really hard to do. Uh, Yatan's a killer and definitely a guy who if he punches his ticket to ADC, that is a hard first round draw for just about anybody in that tournament. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I I think like the moral of the story with a lot of these divisions are like there are some names to watch, but like I guess watch every single second. Don't miss a second because who knows who's going to end up like putting together a crazy run and winning this thing. You know, if we if we learned anything from the last trials, it's like, yeah, I don't know. Expect the unexpected. Like, there's no Ma Galva this year in 77 who is just like, well, Mika's going to win this first trials and then we'll go from there. It's just like I have no idea who's really going to win. So, &gt;&gt; there's not one bracket I'd be willing to put m honestly maybe heavyweight with Yaton. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where I would put even like $5 like betting on everybody, &gt;&gt; let alone my bottom dollar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which I'm getting down to to be perfect. &gt;&gt; Well, five is, but uh &gt;&gt; that would be $8. That would be down to the bottom. Uh &gt;&gt; we'll keep that three in the reserves &gt;&gt; just in case. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah, there's going to be a crazy trials from the beginning to the end. There's going to be a ton of upsets almost immediately. The finals are going to be with people who have had some of the craziest runs of their entire life who have one giant opportunity in front of them. That finals round is always crazy with the people right there on the mat. &gt;&gt; Uh you know in in India tuba which is very close to Sa Paulo. Uh uh so you know going to see a different kind of vibe from the crowd. I think a little bit more intense maybe even. Uh I can't wait. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Obviously it's 80cc season. We got the next trials coming up this weekend. the next South American trials and we got the uh the last West Coast trials, North American trials going down in uh in April. April 18th and 19th uh from California there and then it's going to be full stop going to Poland. &gt;&gt; Asian trial. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry. I keep forgetting about the Asian trials. You're right. You're right. Um and uh you know, obviously we're just going going full boore to uh Poland here in September. It's really gearing up. Starting to become a reality. Poland in September. You know, obviously it's something new. It's it's, you know, in in Europe, obviously, Europe has just had a crazy explosion of jiu-jitsu. So, I'm really excited to see what the the fans out there in Poland are like and and how they appreciate jiu-jitsu and stuff and and uh man, ADC is shaping up to be, you know, one of the best tournaments of the year as it always is. &gt;&gt; For sure. Things are exploding over on that side of the world, you know, so I can't wait to get over there myself and see it with my own eyes. It's going to be intense. Um, quick WNO shoutouts before before we get off here. Just to to announce I or not announced, but just to run through that all of the matches for W32 are announced. So, just wanted to give that to you guys real quick. We got Nick Mata taking on Jacob Bornean, Little Jacobs. So, uh, two young upandcomer welterweights. &gt;&gt; Both guys made the semi-finals at East Coast Trials. &gt;&gt; Medalist, the golden bronze. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that's a sick one. Lillian Marshian versus Jane Fragoso. Sick one. Connor Stalmer versus Nakoa Navaro, Austin Cenos versus Rajus Dwan, Mona Bailey versus Tinara Victoria, Philipe Costa versus Sebastian Atard, and then the other ones were already announced uh before. Yeah, Baby Junko and Zoe Freeman. Then we got the 145 youth bracket, the 155 men's bracket going down. So, Wo should be sick. It's going down. &gt;&gt; I was just going to ask is it what's what's the the supery you're you're most hyped about? just kind of uh looking taking a look at the super fights. &gt;&gt; I'm super hyped to see Philipe Costa again. Philipe Costa at W30 and W31 had the match of the night. Every time this guy hits the mat, he's delivering on something uh incredible, right? He always comes ready to to put on the show. And uh Larenia, uh I think is another guy who we've seen him break out. We've seen him have incredible performances. You couldn't call anything he does a breakout performance at this point. But I think he's got even another level to jump. I think he's got that final step that he could take to becoming truly the best guy in the world. And I'm really excited to see him take on Sebastian Nard. Somebody who's very chaotic, somebody who is really unpredictable, somebody who's coming back off of injury and is always bringing controversy and attention and heat to things. I'm really excited to see how these two match up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I feel like Laria's last performance on who who's number one, &gt;&gt; that was a war. &gt;&gt; Incredible match. Kind of underrated match looking back on it. That was a really awesome match. And obviously uh Felipe ended up getting the submission, you know, at the in in the final um moments of of the match. So, you know, that dude always pulls it out. Always has exciting matches. So, yeah. Which one sticks out to you, Trey? &gt;&gt; Um, I would I mean, it's hard not to get excited about Nick Mata versus Lil Jacob. I think that would be a pretty crazy match. I think Lil Jacob um Lil Jacob's a maniac when he takes the match, you know, and I think Nick Mataya is kind of like a little bit of a like a Captain America Winter Soldier type of guy, you know, just absolute beast. Has really sick jiu-jitsu. I think I think Nick Mataya is still underrated to be honest. I know people are more and more getting hip to him, but I think when it comes to his actual jiu-jitsu and how good he is, I still think he's underrated. Um, Lil Jacob now Charles champion, so it's like probably rated fairly, you know, has the has the medal to prove how good he is. And so I think that's a big opportunity for Nick Pate to go out there and and show his level as well. But it's going to be a tough foe in Little Jacob. So that &gt;&gt; Yeah. When I when I watch like when I whenever I see some of the like the uh Simple Man content or anything like that that's Nick Mataya rolling I feel like I'm always like man that Nick Mataya dude is is good like in the room he looks incredible and obviously on the mats he's been looking incredible too but um just specifically I feel like when I whenever I catch a role or something like that on their content um I'm always like just impressed with with Nick Mataya I'm like damn that dude maybe hasn't shown how how truly good he is. Yeah, I think Nikki Ryan cites him as one of his toughest rounds in the gym and stuff. So, obviously if Nikki Ryan is saying that, like it's it's uh something to take note of, but W32 going down March 31st. It's on a Tuesday, so make sure you guys tune in that. But this weekend, Saturday, March 21st, we got the second South American trial. So, make sure you guys are watching on flowgrappling.com. Thank you everybody for tuning in to the show. Next week, we'll be recapping trials and we'll be going over a whole lot of other stuff. We'll see you guys in the next episode.