Kind: captions Language: en [Music] This presentation of Who's Number One is presented by Defense Soap. Now the official soap and body wipe of flow grappling protecting you for over 15 years. Defend we have built and by swine mask by dymer the official mat of flow grappling. Experience the hybrid difference at dyommer.com and by acai republic. Fuel your victory with acai republic the ultimate choice for the BJJ community. It's Friday night in Southern California and fight fans from around the state have gathered for W28 here at the OC Fairgrounds in the hanger where we have some of the greatest jiu-jitsu players from around the world. All here to jump on the mat and find out truly who's number one. Hello and welcome. I'm Rich Sllayton joined by our commentary team, Kendall Rousin and Shawn Williams. We have a great car tonight. And Kendall, what better place than the Heartland of American Jiu-Jitsu for this kind of event? You've got that right, Rich. Being here in Orange County, we have teams from all over, but the local ones have showed up and showed out. We've got a stadium full of our local athlete supporters. The energy in here is going to be amazing. Yeah. And what what better place to have uh jiu-jitsu in the hotbed is the the fans of Southern California. They always bring the noise and the excitement. So very exciting. And as Kendall mentioned, we have a large contention of local athletes and more specifically um some worldclass athletes coming out of one place trained by the Mendes brothers in AOJ. We've got some really well-prepared athletes on tonight's card. And don't bury the lead on me, Sean. Of course, we're talking about Costa Mesa's own Jonatus Gracie, the middleweight champion here at WN, a world class grappler, but facing another world class grappler who's trying to get his second concurrent title in Mika Galva. It's a champion versus champion match right here on this mat and it's going to be an absolute blast. Now, of course, this isn't the only action we have tonight. We kick things off with some of our great young talent, including the fire of Ikaro Moro. Yeah, I mean, this young man is something very, very special. Um, he made his WNA uh WO debut uh just recently and showed us essentially, I think, what a glimpse of the future of jiu-jitsu is. This guy can, this little guy can wrestle. He can take you down. This is a clip of his WO debut and, you know, you make one little mistake, he capitalizes on it. He has fantastic submissions. He chains everything together. And I I really do think this he is one of what will become the future of jiu-jitsu. Very well-rounded from feet to floor and just blends everything together. So what a treat we have. What a treat we're in store to see this young man go tonight. And that's not the only action we've got coming up on that undercard, right Sean? Man, we have a star-studded undercard for you guys. Coming up, we have got Paulo Rosales out of Melki Galva Jiu-Jitsu and Victor Rodriguez, the Checkmat. Teen stars coming in hot. We've also got a nice slew of some social media influencers showing up on our card tonight. We've got Ryan Giuliano. And of course, we've got Carson Kiniki. And we also have Rana Willink, daughter of Jaco Willink, fighting Alyssa Luna. It is going to be an amazing night. It's an undercard of future stars and to follow this and all the action that you have for this event. Of course, we are live and free right now on YouTube. But that's just the undercard, the main card, and of course that big main event exclusively available on flowgrappling.com. Go to flowgrappling.com/signup and follow the onscreen prompts. And that way you can subscribe to Flow Grappling and not only get access to all of our great jiu-jitsu events, but also to top-notch content, exclusive interviews, articles, instructional videos, and much, much more. Subscribe right now. And speaking of right now, let's wait no further and get into things. To start things off, let's get our very special WO rule set with Reed Connor. Welcome to Who's Number One, the premier proving ground for the world's best grapplers. And now, right here on this very stage, two grapplers will enter and only one will leave victorious. [Music] All matches are 15 minutes in length, except we're otherwise noted with no points, no advantages, and no interruptions. just elite competitive grappling. There are two ways to win. The first is of course the most preferred by submission. And here at Who's Number One, all submissions are legal. Heel hooks, arm bars, twisters, and beyond. The world's best have all the tools at their disposal. And if at any point either competitor taps, the match is over. But if there isn't a submission, we will rely on three neutral side judges to determine a winner. Their decision will be based on our who's number one judging criteria, which is unique to this match. Now, above all, we are looking for aggression. That means never taking a backwards step and moving forward at all costs. We're looking for dangerous submission attacks. That means attempts that will result in a near submission. Okay, leave your 50/50 ankle locks at home. We don't need them. And if it doesn't result in a reaction or a hyperextension, they simply won't count. And finally, positional control. That means guard passes, mount, back takes, anything that leads to positional dominance. The match will be judged in its entirety, and the person with the better display of effective grappling skill will get their hand raised. The referee is also neutral and does not take part in the judg's decisions. His role is purely to control the action on the mats and reset the action should it go out of bounds. This is elite grappling competition at its purest form. A showcase for the world's best grapplers on the world's biggest stage. Just the best fighting the best. It's the only way to truly find out who's number one. [Music] We are live from the OC Fairgrounds, the hangar in Costa Mesa, California, where some of the greatest grapplers alive on the planet today are gathered to find out who is number one. WN28 starts now. [Music] And in the blue corner, standing 5' 4 in tall, weighing 108.2 lbs, fighting out of Eva Beach, Hawaii and Island Jiujitsu West, it's McKenzen Wong. And here we go. Welcome to WNO. We've got our first match underway here. This is Kendall Rooie and Sean Williams calling the action. Sean, here we go. Yeah, this little guy McKenzen is is very good. I watched a lot of his footage. Um he'll he'll be a great contest here. Don't know what he's going to have in store for man, he's wellrounded as well. and his opponent in the red corner standing 5' 0 in tall weighing 109.2 2 lbs. Fighting out of Costa Mesa, California, representing AOJ, the four-time kids pan champion, Ikaro Morano. And what is there to say about Ikaro Moreno that hasn't already been said? This kid, he is one scary guy, Sean. Yes, this young man means business all around the horn. I mean, he really treats this like a like a seasoned professional. And it really is in a different way than we see from most kids that come out this age, right? And absolutely really, really excited to see these guys. We're going to get the tail of tape here in just a moment. Check out these stats. You got Eco Marino coming in 13 years old, 5 feet tall, 109.2 lbs. And of course, you got McKenz Wong coming in at 12 years old, 5'4, 108.2. These guys are ready to go. So, both right away. Doesn't surprise me that they they both have good wrestling skills. Well, you mentioned both of them being really wellrounded. Sean, I mean, what would you be coaching these kids to come out and do, especially, you know, we've seen a little bit more footage of Icaro. What how would you coach against this? Yeah, I I'll tell you what, he doesn't leave much uh space at all. Make he doesn't make many arrows. Um the McKenzen you just saw try to slide by. Did that very well on some of the footage I watched him. He created that collar tie and then used a slide by to get behind um some of his competitors. So, but he really doesn't make a ton of errors. I So, you're going to have to make him move a lot. It's an arm drag, almost a red drag. But I think the key for McKenzie is to try to get him to move a lot. Yeah, like you said, you can immediately see some of those slide bys and Oh, and we see a single two, a double switch off here from Moreno and he sets him down. Yeah, almost countered. I mean, McKenzen was almost uh able to turn out of that and then that just uh Iro finished well now in the closed guard. I think that was really smart as well for Mackenzie to make sure the guard was closed when he fell, right? Because with someone like Echo, if you can slow him down, control him a little bit, and not let him get into those frenzies passing that he's so so well at, he does so well at, then uh that's going to be a better shot for you. So, he comes up here and close guard. Yeah, he used to scoop, tries to waiter scoop that that the close guard is, like as as you mentioned, a very good way to slow people down. It also lets you get grips, let you get in on the legs to create other opportunities. And so it's a nice place to start your attacking sequences from. You can see IO2 doing a great job controlling the right wrist wrist of Mckenzen. He before was using that hand to push off the mat and get a lot of extension right when his arm was controlled. Wasn't quite able to extend his hips in the same way. Yeah, I needs to have a hand on the hip right now. So Mc Mckenzen could try to essentially come up in a body lock if he pummel in. Try to stand up really. There he goes. But um you can solve that by putting pressure on the hip, but didn't need to do that. I think it's safe to say that that Well, I was going to say the double is a big part of IO's gameplay. And right as I said that, of course, he sits to the guard. We saw Whoa. Big jump there from Mackenz Wong. Yeah. Trying to jump over the legs. Just left his arm behind a little bit now. But uh McKenzen was able to get out of that pretty well. So, oh wow. And here's a guard pass. A a really really tight guard pass from Iro Moreno. A little bit of a maybe look at a buggy choke from Mckenzen Wong. Got to hook up with the other the other leg. He might try to try to squirt out of this into Yeah, maybe. I was thinking he might try to squirt out to a front head arm, but Now we see a lot of this classic IRO style here once he starts getting into this passing man whether he opens up the mount side control or he opens up the back. His ability to dig under hooks which we're seeing Mckenzen defend very well here on the right side right is uh he's so attuned to finding the under hooks. I find that to be a big part of his game on top. Yeah, McKenzie getting out nicely there. He's going to look for a dar. Yeah, there it is. He's going to try to get that. Yeah, Mackenzie needs to back up his legs if he's going to commit to that. Going to open that elbow. He's getting stuck now. Now it's tight, especially when you step over. But that's a tricky one cuz not all organizations allow these submissions, right, for the kids. So, it could be a a great path to attack these if you know that your opponent is not used to defending them as often in competition. Yeah, that's right. There we got it. Wow. Submission victory here for Egro Moreno. [Music] [Applause] Big hometown crowd of course for Egro like you mentioned earlier, Sean. Yeah. And and it was that was a nice contest. I mean, uh, McKenzie sort of turned into that Dar a little bit. Um, and then it just got on tight and I think the just the the time the amount of time that he was stuck in that strangle just that's a I mean you hold that long enough it'll slowly put you out, [Music] man. So fun to see these young kids coming in. And here's a bit of a replay. We've got that initial taked down there from Icharo. Had a bit of a single switch off to a double right into the closed guard of Mckenzen. Then I actually opted to sit after that. We saw a little bit of jumping action from Mckenzen as well. And there was that big pass sequence that got started. And here, like you said, Sean, this was it. Yeah, he had been in it so long already at that point that it just started to get tight. But when he stepped over to the mount that really went on and then he just never really recovered from that there was the recovery from the mount position and and uh and it's just on for so long. Mckenz need to get to those fours actually without getting to your fours. Tough to get out of that. And your winner with the submission with just two minutes and two seconds remaining, IoT. [Applause] [Music] Yeah, that's right. That young man, he that young man is well put together with his game, man. That was an incredible match, man. Just so you guys know, the flow membership is required for the main card. So, we are having all of these undercard matches streamed for free. You guys get to stay with us here while we stream them. But make sure your flow memberships updated so you can watch the main card later. And soon up here, we're going to have a next match between Pablo Rosales and Victor Rodriguez. Now, we covered this briefly in our opening show, but these two gentlemen, very, very excited to see them come in. It's going to be a great one. [Music] Just a reminder, like I was mentioning earlier, the main card is only going to be available if you have your flow subscription. So, just make sure to get that updated. The rest of the undercard will be free. Continuing stream for free as usual, but make sure you guys got that updated so that you can watch the main card later tonight. We've got some amazing matches. Next up, as I was mentioning before, we've got Pablo Rosales. We're going to see a quick look back in the warm-up area. And of course, we've got Victor Rodriguez as well right there on screen. These guys are going to be coming in hot. I know some who's number one debuts. And we will be right back with that match. So, don't go anywhere. [Music] I know some who's number one debuts. And we will be right back with that match. So don't go anywhere. [Music] Sh. [Music] Hey, Sh. [Music] Sh. [Music] It's going to be a sick match. I think it's a match that fans are looking forward to it. It's going to be a match that's going to it's going to be a barn burner in my opinion. Uh, two young guys who are super talented and who bring the fight. They move forward and they bring the heat. So, I think everyone's excited to watch it. I think it's going to be a great match. I mean, Melky's he's doing phenomenal work with his guys. It's very explosive. It's a lot of pressure and it's very it's aggressive. Like, he's in your face constantly. And I think that's going to be a a fun match to watch. I I'll check it out. Gracie is like a very uh static grappler, gets in good position, doesn't make a lot of mistakes, and then Mika's just, you know, Mika's Mika, very dynamic, can hit submissions from everywhere. I think it's a great fight, but I think um Mika Galva is going to win. I think he just um you know after after the BJ stars, he had a very dominant performance, so he probably has like a lot more confidence. And I think his game's just a little bit more uh dynamic than Jonathan's Grey season. [Music] Right there, you just saw some of the world's top black belts giving their thoughts on who they think will be taking home the who's number one middleweight title belt in tonight's main event between our current title holder Jonathus Gracie and of course his challenger Mika Galva who's going for his second concurrent who's number one title belt. He's already holding the welterweight title. And as a reminder, if you're going to tune into that later, make sure your flow subscription is activated for the main card. Sean, what do you think about what those black belts were predicting there? I mean that they're sort of afraid was one for three to actually make a prediction. Um you're but um that's a it's a tough one to call because you just never know between those guys Jonath all of them agreed that it's going to be a fantastic match. Awesome. Well, we're going to get right back into our undercard action here with your next match. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He stands 5' 11 in tall and weighed in at 184.4 lb. Fighting out of Los Angeles, California by way of Brazil. And representing Checkmat, it's Victor Harriquez. [Music] As you mentioned, Kendall, WI debut for this youngster. A lot to to show the world, so I expect him to do just that. Pressure's on. [Music] And his opponent in the red corner standing 6 feet tall, weighing in at 184.2 lb. Coming from Sao Paulo, Brazil, representing Milky Galval Jiujitsu. It's Pablo Hosales. Pablo Hzales coming in hot. We've got match number two underway. Two 18year-olds coming in making their debut. Pablo out of Maggi Galva. Man, really excited for this one, Sean. Yeah, me as well. I want to see what they they both bring to the table. We'll see if we see any glimpses of Ma out there. We're going to get a quick look at the tail of the tape. See how these guys measure up. This is a middleweight match. Pablo coming in at 18 years old, 6 feet tall, 184.2 lbs. And of course, Victor 18 as well, 5'11, 184.4 for this middleweight bout. And here we go. Away we go. What are you expecting here in this match, Sean? I know. Oh, you don't have to expect for too long. We're already under the action. That's like we said, that was a beautiful slide by well countered by the Uchima there. Yeah, we see that so often, right? The Uchi counter these takedowns and sometimes it can backfire. end up on bottom. But often times, even if you don't finish a perfect taked down, it's enough to release your leg. And we saw another look at it right there on the edge. That's right. Yeah, we're going to see the same little fight here. Rodriguez to step in the middle. So, right now, he's given the middle to Rosales, which is getting that uchima counter. When you have that body lock, it's really nice idea to step in front and step in the middle and get the hips moving. Pablo in the the headlock here, but he had a chest lock for a minute and now had an arm locked up, but Nice defense from Victor Rodriguez. Yeah, Rodriguez is a little short drag and that's one of the problems with locking a a full trying to lock a full dar on someone or an Andakonda I should say when someone is on their fors you can get short dragged. Um there's a there's quite a big window of short dragging there and it's a very nice technique if someone overreaches on that front head arm side. Nice spin through there from Victor Rodriguez. Sometimes we see the the kick outs of singles backfire, but that worked really well for him. Almost tried to go underneath, but the grips of Pablo Rosales kept him in place. Yeah, I mean, it was a nice injury actually with just the grip. Yeah, as you said. Yeah, here comes a short drag again. He's got to get Yeah, you can see his his arms reach up like you said, Sean. There it is. It's just overreaching. Anytime you try to lock up an anaconda, you you run the risk of overreaching versus a just a chin strap grip, a forehead and arm until you can bring the arm up to you on that that arm side. And then then you don't have to overreach so much when you lock uh full figure 4 again on the arm. Got a front headlock again. Yeah, we're seeing such a consistent theme here, right? Victor definitely heavy on the legs. Pablo hunting the head. But Victor, every time he escapes a front headlock, he's going to be gaining confidence in his shots, right? Because he doesn't feel threatened that he's going to be finished. This can work in his favor. Of course, it can also lure him into a trap, too. Yeah, he's is he's a bit wild on his on the on after he's doing the short track. So, instead of just putting a knee down, he's really using a lot of body movement. So, this if he continues this, it might make him a little tired. It's a lot of energy he's using right now instead of he could also pass the elbow on that front headlock situation, but but he's doing a great job nonetheless. There's a nice little double [Music] welltimed double leg by Pablo Hazales. That was really nice. Now I got to un keep the hand separated if you're Rodriguez. So get up and under the elbow now. Beautiful pass right to again to front headlock. Now the front headlocks are so nice because when you threaten the head, you can open up the pass, right? You can open up the back the pass, you can open up the legs as well. When they defend the head, they typically open something else up. So, we're seeing some chain through uh jiu-jitsu happening from Pablo Rosales, but hasn't been able [Music] excuse me, hasn't been able to finish any of those attacks just yet. Now, we did just get a note of the judges favor and the judges are favoring Pablo Rosales. It's important to remember this not a specific scoring system. We're not, you know, they don't win best two out of three or anything of this sort. However, it does let you know where the judges heads are at at this point in time. Yeah. Now, Gonzalez could put his head on the mat and jump over the legs, but he stand he likes to come on up and try to run through this double leg. seen a lot of the interlacing finger grip here in this match which can be very difficult when you try to yank your arms back. It's hard. They can very easily get stuck and oftentimes there the head position starts to come into play. It's very important to keep strong head position when you have those. Little bit of a look at a single there potentially from Victor. Yeah, he passes the arm by. Nice. Got to get that right arm on the outside of that leg if he's going to get around the corner there. Another front headlock on the opposite side this time. Yeah, it kind of shifted off to the side for that low single. Oh, now we have a grip on the bicep here from Pablo. Yeah, now Rodriguez is in trouble. That's really tight. He's got to get his elbow down on the mat and drive through. Push on that elbow that you see that underneath there. He's got to get his elbow very, very wide. There he's tapping. Wow. Second submission victory here. So that time he waited for a very long time. That window closed and he found himself in a very, very deep head arm strangle there. Pablo Rosales submission victory in his who's number one debut. Definitely making a strong impression on the crowd. Yeah, just hunting that thing the whole time. Some consistent steady pressure. Yeah, we notice that often when you have highle competitors and we're going to get a little bit of the replay here. When you have high level competitors that are shifting between the same game plan throughout the match, but they're making adjustments, right, little by little. They're relentlessly adjusting, noticing the reactions from their from their opponent and adjusting little by little to get that finish. But it was the same maybe game plan from the start, but they were able to make enough adjustments to get the submission. Yeah, you can see how high Rodriguez's left elbow is in there. It's not nowhere near where it needs to be down low to create that space in the shoulder. So, he waited way too long for that. The figure four was nice. Kept the elbow away from the ribs [Music] and he's able to finish that anticoner right there. And after 4 and 1/2 minutes of competition, your winner by submission representing Milky Galval Jiu-Jitsu, Pablo Ozales. [Applause] There we have it. Pablo Ozales winner by submission in his who's number one debut. Exciting day for the Migo team, right? Now we have another exciting match coming up. Ryan Juliano here you're seeing on the screen in the warm-up area. He's coming up very soon and his opponent is going to be Carson Canenni. Now this match we are really excited for. We have got these two social media superstars coming in, making waves, coming into their Who's Number One debut. And I heard some word that they're going to be giving some behind the scenes content to us later of what it's like to fight on the Who's Number One stage, what it's like to go from fan to athlete. Now, we'll be right back here with our next match. Don't go anywhere. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Sh. [Music] Hey. Hey. Sh. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey [Music] And now a competition in the welterweight division. Introducing first in the blue corner, standing 5'9 in tall, weighing in at 164 pounds, fighting out of Seattle, Washington from Matt Chess MMA, it's Carson Tennetti. [Music] Here we go. Match number three, Sean Williams. We've got Carson Canetti coming out. He's got a big crowd here with him. He does. He's training a lot of noise. [Music] And his opponent in the red corner standing 5 feet agent is tall weighing in at 170 lbs. Fighting out of Los Angeles, California with Breakdown Academy. It's Ryan Juliana. [Music] And here we come out of the red corner. for Ryan Giuliano. What a walk out song, Sean. Well, it's both of these guys WNA WO debut. It's a big big big stage for both of these guys and uh they're documenting the process. So, going to be good. Here's a look at the tail of the tape middleweight match. We've got Ryan coming in 27 years old, 5'8, 170 lbs along with Carson at 22, 5'9, 164. Middleweight match. All right, as we are getting this match underway, I would love to take this opportunity to have a special introduction. We've got a third man in the booth right now, Mr. Ben Kovac. He's the general manager of Flo Grappling. He's going to join us for a couple matches here. Ben, welcome to the commentary show. Thanks for having me. Super excited that you're here. Now, as these guys get started, we're gonna do our best to call the action. We've got some questions for you, too. We're feeling a little nosy today, so we've got a couple questions we're going to get into, but I also wanted to mention that these guys, this is a pretty unique matchup, right, Sean? I mean, these guys are coming in as social media superstars. They're going to, I think, give us a little information about the what it looks like to go from fan to athlete on the Who's Number One Show. Is that right? Yeah. Ben, do you want to touch a little bit more on that with the the sort of the nature uh of this match? I mean, they are two friends, right? I had heard that one of them was like, "No, I don't want to do it, but okay, I'll do it. I'll do it." Yeah. Ryan was pretty reluctant to do it at first. Probably a better friend than Carson, apparently. But Carson just would do anything to get on Who's Number One. So, I actually brought Carson to the last Who's Number One sort of as a fan. Brought him out. He got to meet a bunch of his heroes. He's a big Owen Jones fan. And he uh, you know, had a great time and I thought, "Hey, let's get him on the next card. Let's get him against another YouTuber. Let's see uh if these guys can actually make some really cool content after the fight and give fans a sneak peek sneak peek of what it's like behind the scenes here to who's number one. Man, that's awesome. I It's funny because one of the things we love to see is when the athletes are creating a lot of content around what we do here to let fans in on on what that's like, but these guys are professionals, so it's a different level. Really excited to see how that turns out. Yeah. And I think these guys kind of represent a little bit of the the new age, if you will, of jiu-jitsu, right? They're creators first. They're they're wrestlers first. They're no gee first. And they have exciting styles. Fans really love them. So it's it's different, I think, than how a lot of us got into jiu-jitsu. Like Sean and I. Very ghee first, right? Old school. This is the new way. Was just a kid on the mats thrown in a ghee and good luck. I was trying to lead you out of the old guy convers. Yeah. Well, I guess I dated myself a little there. Well, I mean, the the skills are are showing through here. Ryan has a nice double leg right there and got around the guard and now he's in a cradle. got Carson lock locked up in a cradle. Yeah, we saw a nice double little guillotine defense action, but hard to keep that guillotine locked in when someone comes around to side control. I think accidental knee to the chin there. Now, Ben, we wanted to talk a little bit about why you're jumping in with us. I know as a new general manager of Flow, what got you interested in taking over that role in the first place? Well, I've been doing jiu-jitsu for 19 years. I think like many of us, it it changed my life pretty tremendously. I started a jiu-jitsu nonprofit called Guardian 10 years ago. We give kids free jiu-jitsu around the world. And when I kind of looked at what was going on with Flow, I thought it's actually not that dissimilar. It's like, how do we grow our sport? How do we get more people into it? How do we get more kids into it? How do we make it more exciting? And it all kind of dubtales together. And obviously, Flow Grappling's the best in my opinion platform out there in the world to do that. Oh, big lift off there. Almost came into our table. That would not be the first and probably not the last. No, definitely not. Um, but yeah, Ben, I love I love what you were saying. Uh, and also we chatted before you were here and I really enjoyed what you were talking about bringing you sort of unifying everyone in jiu-jitsu and and and opening up the floodgates for for that sort of come together, let's all compete and and be able to do whatever we want in competitions and and the best fight the best. Yeah. Last year was sort of the division of the sport, right? You had CJI and ADCC and everything that happened there. And this year, I think it's about, at least on the flow perspective, bringing it back together. You know, we don't want to see jiu-jitsu become a monopoly. We don't want one company to, you know, be able to lock people up in exclusive contracts. Fans should get to see their favorite athletes fight. Athletes should get to make the most amount of money possible and fight in the most diverse promotions possible. And that's what it's all about this year, right? Yeah. I I love that. Really? Then you get the best first best fighting the best. And uh that's that's that has always made for some epic epic championship battles throughout jiu-jitsu history. Man, saw some good action right there from Carson. Was looking to pass, maybe come over the top. He had a lock on the top side arm, fell back off. But love that both of these guys are fighting, really fighting forward. They're submission hunting. They're shooting on those big wrist takedowns. We got I think this is an ankle lock here. don't quite have the the angle for it. Yeah, he lifted him right into the inside Senkaku. So, he's got the leg weave locked up. He's gonna have to separate the legs. So, um I would assume that he's going to want to put the left arm through the middle, separate the legs, and then go right there for that cross hook. Comes all the way free. Oh, nearly a flying leg lock. I told you we could They're going to see a flying leg lock. You did. You did tell me. Oh, walk back to the head again. Can't say these guys aren't submission hunters. Yeah, they are on a frantic pace at the moment, which is uh fun for us to see. I mean, this is the kind of matches we want here, right? I mean, if you look at Routollo and Tacket at CJI, nobody lost that fight. I think that's the way we want people thinking about this, especially for these undercards, these fights that are supposed to be more fun. You know, there's not a belt on the line here. Um, so yeah, this is this is exactly the type of action we want to see. Well, and along those lines, Ben, you know, we talked a little bit about this before, but how do we, in your opinion, how do we grow the sport? How do we make it interesting for non-grapplers? That's the challenge. I know this match plays a part in that, but is that what you have in mind? Well, I think a lot of people say that, right? They say, "How do we get the non-jiu-jitsu fan in?" But to be honest, I don't think a lot of the jiu-jitsu promotions are getting the actual jiu-jitsu fans in even. I mean, so many people that I know that love to train aren't even excited to watch the matches. They don't even know they're on in some cases. So, I think we actually have to make them more exciting just to get the grapplers in there. Yeah, I I I agree with that. It's now Carson's getting some of his own medicine right now. He's in the leg weave. Now, we see Ryan probably trying to thread the right foot through. It's going to go for a straight foot lock first, but uh to untie these legs, he might want to think about passing the secondary leg to the other side just to keep control over it. that when Carson tried to separate the legs, if Carson's right leg comes out of there, red. Oh, see two red judges favors in a row. As a reminder, we've mentioned this before, it's not necessarily a scoring system. It doesn't determine who's going to win the match, but it lets you know what's on the judge's mind as they're watching this, which way they see it leaning. He's still on hugging that secondary leg. And that that was what car there is going to try to really hit a true leg lace. You can knee bar inside there. He's got to fix your angle a little bit and expose the heel. But then see once that secondary leg goes away all the defenses start. So so much easier to clear the knee. Right. That's right. That's why recommends passing the secondary leg to the other side. It was a nice double. Oh, big double. Heads on the outside though. Oh, for a second out of look at at a guillotine. But now a knee cut coming in. Man, so Ryan has a big YouTube channel where he does the give me $100. I'll give you $100 if you take me down. And so one of the jokes going into this match was Carson was talking to him before the match saying, "Hey, if I take you down, I'm getting that 100 bucks." So it looks like he may have just won it right there. I think I might challenge him next. That sounds fun. That's That's my next call. Man, big pressure here with I I believe double under hooks. Can't the other side, but I believe double under hooks. Really high mount. Such a great way to defend any sort of hip escaping or bringing the elbow connection to the knee which is what people need on bottom of course to escape. Nice. And Ben, I I do love what you've done with the Guardian program and uh in Can you elab elaborate just a little bit more about what you were saying? Like is that is it the togetherness that you're trying to create that similar sort of event that happened with that happens with Guardian in our sport? Yeah, exactly. I mean, I think so many people want to give back. So many people love training. So many people want to see kids get in the sport. If you talk to people who do jiu-jitsu, they almost all say, "I wish I would have started earlier." So that's pretty simple concept, but I think even at the highest level, it's the same thing, right? There's a camaraderie. Even the athletes the last few days that are here doing the weigh-ins and stuff. People love each other, right? They they're friends for the most part. It's it's an amazing sport that brings people together. No matter where you train, you can go around the world and do that. And you know, I just, like I said before, I don't want to see this become an exclusive sport, right? I don't want to see this somewhere where, you know, you can't watch your favorite athletes fight. Got a deep submission here. Yeah, rear naked choke. It's a little over the chin, but it can definitely be finished by this. But look at almost trying to finish from the mount there. But man, Ryan bringing his left butterfly hook in was genius. Able to save him just enough. And maybe on a leg of his own. Short time here, 15 seconds. Trying to cross the hook there to try to drop in on it. And this this match has been action-packed. There he is almost at the end. Another cross heel hook. He's got the heel. Oh, he's got a deep bite there. Yeah, up. Man, what a good match. What a great match. And like I said, I I like you had said, I I think that's what everyone loves to see, just two athletes letting it all hang out and everybody wins. The fans win that way. There was a nice uh slide by to that foot sweep in the very beginning. there. There was a near hundred bucks right there, you know, from that flyby. We saw a lot of great wrestling in this match, didn't we? And I don't want to envy the judges here because the first two uh judges decisions went to red, but Carson kind of dominated the end of that fight a little bit. So, and our rule set is based around deep submission attempts, right? That rear naked choke right there was probably the deepest submission attempt we saw throughout the match from where I'm sitting. There's a take down. Oh yeah, that was the pass that led him into strong control. And there's that rear nicot right at the end. He ended up blocking it up fully. Got some good squeeze on there, but was able to roll through. Put his back flat on the mat and stay safe. We're going to get a look at what the judges did decide. We have an official decision. We're going to take it to the center of the mat to find out. After nine minutes of back and forth action, we go to the judges who render their decision for the blue corner, Carson Key. [Applause] [Music] And just like you said, that rear naked choke there sealed the deal for Carson Kenny. That went on strong at the end. that may maybe that's just the big stage. Ryan went all out from the very get-go. So, he's all right. I need to make sure I have enough gas to last the last two minutes. But what a what a fantastic match. What a fantastic match. Yeah. Yeah, that was that was a good one. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Certainly fun. All right. And just so you guys have a heads up, you're going to see on the bottom left hand side of the screen the best wrestlers in the country. They are ready to compete for their spot on team USA in Final X. You're going to witness high school phenom Jax Forest compete against returning world medalist VTO Aruja while Kyle Dake faces Zahed Valencia in a battle between a legend and a rising contender. Stream all the action live with your Flow Wrestling subscription. It's going to be on June 14th. Don't miss Final X, guys. Now, we do have another exciting match coming up. We've got Alyssa Luna. You see her right here in the back getting warm, staying loose, and she is going to be going against Rana Willink. Now, I've got some questions for you about that when we return, Ben. But you see Rana here fighting out of Legion, warming up in the background. So, don't go anywhere. We'll be right back to watch these ladies have a great bout. [Music] [Applause] Hey, [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Sh. Hey. Hey. [Music] Paige is my number one training partner throughout this whole camp and it has been awesome to have her by my side for this training camp and I'm by her side for this card too cuz she's competing as well and she pushes me every single practice and um we've been training a lot with Andress doing ecological training which has really helped both of our trainings in unfamiliar positions and um getting out of leg lock entanglements and scrambles and coming back up on top and her passing. So, it's been a huge positive to have Paige by my side throughout my jiu-jitsu journey and for this camp for who's number one. Here we just got a look at Willing. A match in the heavyweight training. First up in the blue corner, standing 5 feet 2 inches tall, weighing 142 lbs, fighting out of Fullerton, California, representing 10th Planet Fullerton, it's Alyssa Luna. [Music] [Applause] Alyssa Luna, here we go. She's got a big hometown crowd, Sean. Yeah, strong wrestling. uh finds herself on the top quite a bit from her takedown attempt. So, we'll see if that's the strategy that she she employs here. and her opponent in the red corner standing 5' 4 in tall weighed in at 157 lbs fighting out of San Diego California representing Victory MMA and Legion AJ it's Rana Willing and of course lot of energy in the building for Miss Rana Willink she is coming in for this heavyweight match with a big hometown crowd as well with high energy Love to see it. Now Ben, I've got to ask you, you have a relationship with Joo, her father, right? Joo Willing. Super well known for being a great motivational speaker, author, amongst other things. Do you have a relationship with Raina as well? A little bit. I've gotten to know Raina uh more recently. And you know, I would say that a lot of that's from Miha, by the way, and going down there to Legion and training and knowing those guys. But one of the things, you know, excuse me, real quick, guys. We've got our tail of tape here. Rana Willink in the heavyweight division standing at 5'2, 24 years old, 157 lbs. And then of course Alyssa Luna here, 31 years of age, 5'4, 142 lbs. And there we have Jaco Willink in the corner. So sorry, you were saying, Ben, just saying that they're having a lot of fun there, right? those those folks at Legion, especially Paige and Raina. The one thing you when you leave there, you realize, well, those girls really love jiu-jitsu and they're having a great time doing it. You really see that on Rain's face and in her energy whenever she comes out, right? She always comes out smiling and she fights forward. You can say the same about Paige vet, who we're going to get to see later on the main card, right? Make sure you guys flow subscriptions updated so you can watch the main card later. Of course, we've got these matches on the undercard for free, so make sure you guys check that out later and have that updated. Marina's debut. She just finished in a heel hook right away. So obviously well versed as well on the the legs. Nice some nice uchi action. She's got great takedown, strong wrestling, right? Under hooks. And you know, it's important to mention too, like you said, she's got good heel hooks, leg lock finishes, but we know the same about Alyssa Luna. Yeah, Luna has uh she's fighting at 10th Planet Fullerton. No doubt a lot of great leg lock awareness. Over hook versus under hook. Shot countered by a front headlock there into an under hook of her own from Alyssa Luna. One thing you'll notice about about Rana's approach is she's always walking forward in the match. You very rarely ever see her walk back. And we're seeing that she's kind of driving Alyssa around the mat right now. And Alyssa's very aggressive in her own right. Yeah. Nice little fireman's ankle pick there. Over under pass. Now Ben, while I have you, I mentioned being nosy earlier, so I wanted to check in with you about a couple things. You know, we've seen some shakeups with FL. We've had a Craig Jones partnership. We've got new events, big content plays. What's the goal with all all this? So, we got CGI coming up at the, you know, later part of the year and the or later part of the summer, excuse me. What's going on here? Yeah. So, I think, you know, the first thing is CGI will remain free on YouTube this year. We do have a partnership with Craig and really a lot of that is to just spread the word of what we talked about before, the fact that we want jiu-jitsu to remain open. We want jiu-jitsu to remain non-exclusive. Obviously Craig's a big uh proponent of that because he's seeing it firsthand with CGI people getting their uh getting blocked from competing in CGI from other promotions which isn't great. Oh, nice to hold attempt there from Random Welling. Yeah, she's turning on that now. It's if she can get she might want to transfer that in. She's got a a leg isolated completely through. She's Yeah, she's like with a toe hold and now has a cross heel hook. You can see She's got both. She's got a straight foot lock and that will hurt because it's And now there's the cross heel hook if she loses that. It'll be interesting to see if she's able to drive her right leg through for a full cross a she almost does, but good defense here from Melissa Luna trying to back the knee line out and now actually attacking the top arm of she got another submission victory for Rena Willing who's number one. I see Jacko's over there filming with his phone. Did we tell him that this is uh on flow? Always, man. He's always doing that. And he posts his own video. I'm like, we've got professional footage for you. That was nice how she kept the secondary leg for a lot longer. That gave her some some more time to get into that heel hook and and finish. Although Alyssa looked like she was almost out. She's turned and then Raina caught up. There's grabbing that secondary leg. Gives her a lot more time. Then she was able to get the heel and then Alyssa was stuck. So there you can see the initial attempt. She spun out of that. But watch Renie there. She caught that other leg and then readjusted. Everything went deeper and then was able to put much more pressure that time on the knee. Well, the action is not going to stop Sean. After this match, we got another really exciting one coming up. But first, we're going to get our official arm raise here for Rena Willink in the center of the match. After three minutes of action in the heavyweight division, your winner by submission, Rana Willing. [Applause] Lots of good energy in here for Rana Willink. Of course, like you said, Ben, we've got Jaco still filming in the corner. Just seems like she feels no pressure from being Jaco's daughter, right? She's just having a good time. She was like that the entire time before the fight, hanging out, waiting for her coach out front, smiling. I think it speaks to what you said, she and Paige, you know, when you walk in that room, you know they're having fun. They love jiu-jitsu. They love what they're doing. And I think that really shows in the way that Rana competes. She fights forward. She's aggressive. She doesn't shy away from taking big risks. It's really, really fun to watch and it's paying off. I think we have a rising star on our hands, that's for sure. We've got a really great match coming up here. We've got Saul Vira fighting out of Gracie Baja, Newport Beach. You can see him on the screen here. Little side note, teammate of mine. Very excited to see him make his Who's Number One debut, of course, against the tough Ahri Goldman. Ari Goldman, another big content creator. We've got a lot of great influencers on the card tonight that also back it up with very strong jitsu like we saw earlier. Ari Goldman and Salvo Vira coming up next. That will be the end of our undercard which is free on flow grappling. So make sure you guys get your flow subscriptions updated so that you can watch the main card as soon as it begins after that match. We'll be right back with these guys. [Music] Sh. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] to the hey sh Sh.