Kind: captions Language: en I'm just like super super bendy and I've built everything around that. And also I think being isolated from like the the big jiu-jitsu gyms where somebody's telling you what to do all the time and where like you get all the answers. It means I've had to come up with my own answers and my own solutions and it means that like my style is like really unique I think and it's what makes me excited to watch. Like it's unique and built and attacking and it's what makes it hard for people to beat me. I think I've been very lucky um in that I get to train with Shay pretty much every day and that's an education for me. He's able to do things that other people are not able to do and he combines that with a a knowledge of the game which makes him absolute nightmare. He's he's a best guy in here and we have guys here who are like 100 kilos and he's whooping them you know with Dio we've seen P give him trouble. Shay has the same sort of skill set that could allow him to do that. I wouldn't be surprised if he gave him the same issues that P did. Obviously Diego is a little bit bigger has a little bit more experience on his side. He's much physically stronger. Um but Shay Shay is one of those guys that he's unorthodox. He does stuff is weird and I think on any given day he can beat anyone in the world. I think everybody's jiu-jitsu whether they realize it or not is amalgamation of the people that came before. My jiu-jitsu is like so many different people's jiu-jitsu combined with my own flavor. Like this is kind of I I think all good jiu-jitsu people like they've taken from the people around them and they've also added their own thing like their own little solutions and stuff which is what allows them to win. It's like a gym of bad haircuts. It's almost like don't let you train here if you look normal. Well, the look happened purely but as a joke in like lockdown. Like I kept adding things because I thought it'd be funny cuz I'd be stuck in the house. I'll grow a mustache cuz it'll be funny. I'll bleach my hair cuz it'll be funny. Like I'll grow grow a mullet cuz it'll be funny. And then everything I grew I like wow that actually looks way better than it did before. And then now I just can't go back, you know? I look at the photos of me with like black hair. I'm like, "Wow, I used to be quite ugly." So still ugly but like less ugly. So it's like an improvement, you know? Shit's pretty cool. I feel like you you get what get what you see when you look at shit. Obviously you look at them, it looks a bit funky. He's definitely one of a kind. I don't think I've met anybody that's much like him. Training is always going good. Like I train twice a day every day regardless of if I'm in camp or not. You know, my training never really changes, you know, like closer to competitions. Like I eat healthier. Like I go to bed earlier, but the actual training is just consistent my whole life, you know, like I enjoy it and jiu-jitsu is good. It's not like MMA where you're getting punched in the head. You can't hard time. I can just come in here and spar as hard as I like every day. And I'm always trying to get better, too. Like people that stop trying to get better in jiu-jitsu cuz they're outside of a tournament. That seems pretty stupid to me. I'm always trying to figure out new problems, try new moves. So, yeah, it's going good. It's just it's the same as my life. I'm training hard and excited. You know, I've watched yoga's matches. I've watched yoga's matches for years before like um I even was planning on competing against him. I've learned a lot from watching yoga's matches over the years. Both G and Noi like I think the guys from Mov like a really good system. Like you see them, there's a lot of common moves between them and they do them really well. is like I I've already like watched to learn them and now it's like nice to try and figure out solutions to those problems, you know. I think Diego is like really good to jitsu. I think he's really cool. He's somebody I've been a fan of for ages, you know? So, it's like a really cool match for me. I think it'll be an exciting match and on bottom he attacks too. He likes to make connections, wrestle up and stuff, which is like fun for scramles, which is what you want in a match like this. You want scrambles, you know? You want an open match where both people able to attack submissions like and I think the style match up between us two will create that. I think like no matter who she's facing and like you even see when he's rolling in here, it's like non-stop just looking for the finish like I think like his submission rate in every competition he does. It's very rare that you actually look at his run and it's not all sub wins he's got. So I definitely think like he's not the type of guy to go for like a big name and be like oh I'm going to play it safe here and he's going to come out looking to finish it and look to do what he does. I think a lot of people think that like I I'm just in this match to lose and people that don't really know. I can understand like I'm from like a part of the world where you don't usually see good jiu-jitsu people, you know? Uh and like I've not been black for long. So like you can understand why they say that. Only thing I'd like to do is just prove them wrong. Like they don't have to get into arguments with anyone, you know? Like I'm self-confident and I believe in myself. So like all I'm going to do is just go there and prove them wrong. And then like oh wow that's wrong. And he's actually really good at jiu-jitsu. Yeah, great. Like the perfect goal for me would be beat Diego Hayes and then have who's number one actually make a title for my weight which is what like 56 57 kg and and win that title too. That'd be really cool. That would be like a a big thing for me. That'd be really cool. What's up? [Music] Good morning. Wait for the n. Yeah. So, now it's a commercial class. So, professor well is the professor here. So, he will I think we're going to start warm him up and then drills and then pada. I'm feeling really good after 6 months with competing because of my last match against so be back on horse number one. You know it's the time of repetition. So also number one is a big tournament for everybody who's going to fight. So it's a big show for athlet that I lost and back to win. So it's really funny. My m again sh will be really cool because it's funny because he's has his different personality you know like American style or European I don't know but uh also I fought against him in 2020 in Europeans for my he was my first fight he didn't change a lot I mean his body because he's skinny he's really flexible and I will face a guy who is more than me but uh really flexible. So I need to find ways to to get get space to pass his guard, his game, his style, his uh flexibility. He's not so strong but very flexible and really small. So it will be interesting. So can't wait. Is your plan to win a bunch of more matches and fight for the W No Belt again? Yeah, I wanted that. I was on the top. Now I'm down. So I have to climb again to face to to fight for the belt again. No problem. This is what make the champions know different cuz they know how to deal with the ups and downs. Problem more downs. Mindsets everything. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I learn a lot more on this time that I was not computer. I was trying to develop more my mission work more on that on this gap because I I was it's miss a lot. People just think I'm this tactical strategy guy, but I've been working a lot on this gap that I that I have. I've been involved a lot and I can show now I can show I hope I can I want to do two or three uh fights before DCC or this one and then show everything in the big stage. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Damn it. [Music] What did it say? What did it say? [Music] Let me show you. [Music] What's happening? Why' you switch back to baby show me? Yeah, I was I was doing megalodon but a megalodon not so funny as a baby shark and I realized like my personal it's funny you know kids like baby shark is everybody knows baby shark you know so baby shark cover everybody so it's funny people like it also what people they when they listen baby shark they change know different the feeling difference funny is making noise tomorrow and now more funny. [Music] Just want to say I'm ready for the horse number one. I be ready for baby shark. He's going to put a show over there and then hope next fight fight for the fight for the bel. [Music] Today was uh 7:00 p.m. NOI advanced training. So basically we just drilled for like 30 45 minutes just like sweeping, passing, butterfly sweeps, all that. Um, and then I did like one warm-up round and then I did like three hard rounds. [Music] Escape, Nathan. Yeah, right. Escape from the locked in armbar trap. What a great drill. [Music] So, that's what we got going on today. He's standing up. As he works to his feet, I'm circling to that near foot, loading his weight onto that foot, getting his ankle, and getting to top position, pulling from my under hook and settling. This will not work if his head is over his opposite foot. So, if he's standing up and we're here, like, even if I can reach it, I'm never going to get this cuz it's just his weight's going to transfer to his other leg. And even if I do pick up his leg, like I'm not making him fall over. The example is if his weight's on this side, he pick his foot up, he's just going to pick his foot up. But if I push his weight onto that leg and he picks that foot up, he's going to fall over. So you need to really make sure that you get their weight over that foot. And if you're not able to get that control, you can always switch sides and go to the other ankle to complete that sweep. So that will be kind of our part two. We're going here. We're trying to get to that foot. He's kind of still stepping it back. So we're going to switch sides. Ankle push. Complete sweep build up. Okay, that's what we got going on today. Any questions on that? What happened? Fell on the scooter. Dog told it was a dog. It was It was Kona. Yeah. All right, everyone. Good. You got it? Let's go. One, two. Yeah. Like an hour ago, she was tied to the scooter and I was walking the scooter cuz we were going down like so strong and started running as we were walking down the riverbed. It was muddy. So, I slipped and I fell and I scraped my arm all up my leg and my freaking Yeah. So, I got that. So, I'm not training tonight. Hey, two points. so much. [Music] So, we actually been doing a lot of guard work um since ADCC trials. So, ADCC trials was a a lot of takedowns and a lot of backs and internal positioning. Uh so, now kind of we're after the trials, we're trying to round out like the other areas of like everyone's game. So, it was kind of like a coincidence that now Andrew fights Tommy, like a big guard player. So, it really helps that we're developing and working a lot of different guard systems so he can continue to work his passing uh when everyone else is really working on their guard. So, it's been working out. We did some butterfly stuff today and we're working them kind of working back into their feet and working the ankle picks and then eventually going to work into some leg attacks. All right, time guys. It's been really good for him. I mean, Tommy's a really tough puzzle. tough code to crack. You know, he plays the same game against everyone. He doesn't really change it up because he's so good at it. So, we're just having to really kind of strategize and dissect what he's good at. [Music] I love this music. I don't know if this music should be in the video, but it's so good at roll two. Even if you're getting smit, you're still in a good mood. I mean, it's it's hell week, you know? I'm doing the hardest week of training this week. So, I'm just tired all day. Like, the the night session for this session, I was just like, uh, like, and then once you get warmed up, maybe like 30 minutes into warm up, you start waking up again, you know? But that's how the whole week goes, man. You're just tired all the time and you hate training. Like, I love training, but this week, I hate it cuz I'm just training so hard, you know? I'm just like not looking forward to training. I'm just so tired. I was like, "Another time to beat myself up." Pay off at the end though. That's what it's all about. Yeah, that's what that's the mindset for sure. [Music] trying to keep in the mindset that I got a 15-minute round coming up. So, um we're doing seven-minute rounds and trying not to rest in between the seven minutes, grab a new partner, and get straight back to it again. Um, so like keeping in that mindset, like learning how long that 15 minutes feel, but uh, yeah, tonight was a good training session. I was a little beat up going into it, so I didn't go balls to the walls, but I still gave a little bit, you know, [Music] going really good. I've been watching Tommy for a long time. Um, so I'm very prepared for him. I know Tommy is freaking tough. you know, he's been in the game for forever and he's only still getting better in the noi. So, um it's going to be a great fight. I know he's got a very tough guard, good good wrestling as of lately. Um very hard like anti uh jiu-jitsu to let you pass like he his type of not like anti- jiu but his guard is to like slow you down and not let you do anything and so that he can attack you. Um so it will be very interesting to see if I can like create some movements, get him moving and to see if he can like slow me down. [Music] What is it like training with Andrew Tak every day? Uh, well, have you ever tried to wrestle a bear smothered in grease? Cuz he just goes around and around and around. You grab onto him and then he's on your back. It's uh it's so hard. He's just like no matter what I do, he'll just scramble to a better position and then you're like, "Fuck, I I thought I had something for a second and now he's on my back." He's got a big match coming up with losing one with Tommy Lagger. How do you think he's going to do? I think he's going to do amazing. He feels so good right now. Like he feels like he's leveled up since trials. So, I only see him doing like amazing and beating Tommy hands down. Thank you. Thanks, brother. [Music] As sad as it sounds, you know, got to make way for the newer generation, Tommy. No, I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. Tommy's cool, man. It's going to be a tough fight, but I mean, I'm on fire. You know, I'm I've been working hard. I've been training hard and I'm confident. You know, I'm I'm humble enough to admit what my faults are so that I'm constantly improving, but I'm confident enough in what I'm good at. Um and um yeah, it's going to be tough, but I think I'm going to pass him and stuff and choke him and or or uh do some crazy stuff. It's I mean, we got 15 minutes in there, too. Who's number one rule set? So, a lot of time to make mistakes and a lot of times to gas out. A lot of time, you know, it's anything could happen. But yeah, I just got to stay tight and go after him. [Music] Yeah, he's like the friendliest, kindest person who will try to wrist lock you like 12 times in a row and like crazy athletic. One of the best people I've ever rolled with. Yeah, it's it's just unbelievable. He's like a gymnast. He's like Batman, bro. Yeah. So, that was He could have subbed me like 50 different times, but he was only going for the wrist lock. So, you know. Yeah. That's some rounds are like that, right? We got a big match coming up on number one with uh Tommy Langaka. How do you think he's going to do? Dude, uh man, Andrew's got to win, bro. If uh if Andrew doesn't win every match he's ever in, I don't I think everyone else should just quit GSU right now. It just doesn't make sense how good he is. Uh yeah. I mean, I think Tommy's a great guy. Uh, I think it'll be competitive, but I think Andrew is going to come out with the sub for sure. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] All right. Well, uh, you know, obviously who's number one, 23 coming up here in just a little bit, May 10th. What can the fans expect from Andrew Tacket when he steps out there? Um, I think they can expect what they what they always get, you know, just a high pace. Um, just someone that like even though he's gassed or tired or losing, just like still going after him. um someone that if he's in a position where he's winning but yet the match is boring, he'll let go of it and keep going just to push the pace. Um and you know, expect a win. You know, that's that's what you should expect. But yeah, I'm going after it, man. I'm excited. This be sick. I've been training hard. So, let's go fans. Let's go. We're going to make it happen. Can you do it on the side? The black hole. You can't do flags. We have this right here. This one right here. This one. Oh. Oh shit. Oh, it's square. It hurts. It hurts. It's like sharp, too. It has like bad welds. Oh, that was not good. Yeah, I was watching this. Sounds like the one. This is where the Vikings would sail out to uh to see the world. [Music] All right, it's a rainy day here in Hogon. Seems like basically this whole trip we've just been, you know, hitting the gray, rainy weather. Maybe that's Europe. I don't really know for sure. But we're here in Hogon. I'm outside of Wolfing Academy now. It's in those doors. We're going to meet up with Tommy. I think I think Tommy might be a little under the weather. He just had his uh one championship match with Kuatlo. So, he's obviously been training hard and all that, but uh we're here now at Wolfing Academy. [Music] Uh today we're working on um just standing up basically if the opponent is really heavy on top. Uh so both the people are working. So the person on top is working on maintaining pressure, keeping the b uh person on bottom uh floored uh maintaining the pressure forward and so on. the other person is working on trying to get up because say if my opponent on top has a really good base, I'm not able to utilize my sweeps and my guards, I need to be able to re-engage in some kind some kind of way. And in this scenario, it's going to be by standing up trying to either uh reshoot or um yeah, just restart the positioning. I feel like Tommy uh he has like a very good understanding of the rule set and how how to specifically be very good at the positions like we need to think a little bit differently like we need to secure the points in different ways. So I feel like this is a very good uh preparation for for the ACC. I think uh Norway is doing great. I mean, like, I really adore uh the Norwegian people and how they just like embrace uh the jiu-jitsu and I feel like we're having so many athletes that's been doing great even though we're not like the biggest country, but uh I feel like people are taking it very seriously. What would it mean for you to to get a ticket to the KDCC? Well, it's the it's the main goal. I really really want to fight there and I I I was so close the last trial and uh unfortunat unfortunately I would the girls couldn't win the ticket last one but I really really want to fight there. It's like the biggest dream to be honest. [Music] We're doing 3 minutes no points and 3 minutes points. So now everything like 80 CC trial style. So they have to be cautious in what they do. Good, good, good. Yeah. Getting some hard rounds in. Yeah. Yeah. Tommy sick, but uh then M really tough guys. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It was a lot of fun. And it was fun having pe a lot of people coming over and Anie coming over and uh it was a lot of fun having some girls here today and spar. I just want to spar, you know. I'm still in this uh uh phase that never ends of me just the only thing if I decide training it would just be sparring. What do you think about the ACC world competing in your It's fun. I like it. I like, you know, being able to sit down and play around a little bit with the leg locks. Not being scared of shit, being like, "Oh, if I throw myself on this arm bar, I'll get two down because that really opens up like I want to throw myself a shit." And uh just feel like it's not a sweep. It's not like two points going off. And that I feel like that is very very fun. And the wrestling bit is also super super fun. So, uh I don't know. I I really appreciate the rules. I think it's fun. [Music] We go to the famous uh Midog lunch in Tollen. It's owned by a guy named Luan. He's the former owner of uh Pizza and Pastas in Talen. Also a famous place. Now he runs this uh diner kind of d din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din diner shop and we go there every time after morning training and go there to eat. It's quite good. You guys think? Do you like it? Yeah, it's really good. Okay. What's your favorite thing to get there? I'm not there that often, but I like chicken and rice. Nice. Yeah, chicken's the best. Okay, cool. Uh choco. Uh meatballs. This where the power lays, you know. That's big guy, too. Ah yeah. You see strong people think alike. This is where we get all the power from. You see tax the good stuff. Nice meatballs with the brown sauce. Uh tutba sult vegetables and this is pisto. So, super healthy. We're heading to Har, which is uh the monument for our founding father of Norway. And um so it's uh yeah monument for him and we have every pillar for each commune he had to conquer to gather Norway into one kingdom. So this is uh our pride. So Oslo can suck it. This is where we Norway had the foundation to be created. Nice. This is where the Vikings would sail out to uh to see the world. This is like uh one of the reasons why it's called Norway. It means the northern way. So there's a port going in. Uh if you follow the port, you go into the mainland of Norway. This is also why it was chosen to be one of the capitals during the Viking age because it was a easy to uh control shipments uh going through that port. I built this. Yeah, I fell down from a few uh from a what's it called? Steiga the roof the ladder fell down like 2 m straight down. But yeah, I survived. Did Did you like uh training to be a carpenter and everything? Yeah. Uh I enjoyed I really enjoyed it. It's shit work, but it's honest work and it's really nice and giving because it makes you be outside and challenge yourself and learning a skill. So I always like I have this fantasy like if everything goes shit then I'll do carpentry and like if I just want to escape I'll just do carpentry. Yeah. still enjoy it. You think maybe one day we'll just see Tommy disappear and you'll just be building houses and you never know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you do you like hiking everything? Do you like coming out into the nature here? Yeah, I love love hiking. That's why I got a dog as well cuz I want to do more hikes. Yina, my girlfriend doesn't want to do that much hikes. She doesn't like hiking, but I enjoy it. I enjoy time out. I always been outside a little bit. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] recovery. Now, now we making you experience some sauna, some uh ocean water, and uh good air. I feel uh refreshed and ready to to win gold. Nice. Vard, what do you think? That was awesome. Nice. Get some power. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Vagner, big match coming up. W main event taking on Nicholas Maragali. Tell me your thoughts on this match. Um, it's an amazing match. Nicholas is on in the top of the game now. He is uh the number one substitute for the number one, right? So, he trains under the the new wave crew and Gordon is number one and he's secondly to be number two right now because he's just been killing everybody and making everybody look silly. And um there isn't many guys left over for him to make look silly. So, I uh I love the challenge, you know, I love matches that excite me and make me feel uh young again. And um I thought this would be a good opportunity especially after you know I was able to get a win over Luke who is one of his main training partners and uh and and also a very great athlete. So um it's the conversation started happening and uh we made this happen and uh I'm excited. Uh he's um a huge challenge. You know I've been here before and uh and I love being the underdog. So this gives me an opportunity to showcase um the true true dog I am in in in match time. What's it been like watching Nicholas transition from no gee or from the ghee rather over into NOI and watching him have a lot of success? You're somebody who's been an OG in the NOI game for a long time. Watching him, what's it been like? He he was an amazing uh ghee player. I know he's one of the best in the world currently still. Um and I believe it's all jiu-jitsu. You know, there's some, you know, nuances and little things that change, but jiu-jitsu it's still the same. There's not much difference. You know, some people might think otherwise. I don't. I I know I've competed in the ghee and I've competed uh in oi a lot and uh I believe that jiu-jitsu is still jiu-jitsu. Uh clothes doesn't change what the jiu-jitsu is. So, and he has amazing jiu-jitsu. So, I just got to be able to uh recognize and uh and capitalize where I know I see holes and opportunities. What made you What was the difference for you to pick up that win over Luke recently? Right. Uh I think it was experience. you know, I was able to, you know, dog that out, dog the first couple minutes of, uh, of trouble that I had. Luke was just killing everybody. I think he had a perfect gear where he subbed everybody. He was at 100% finish rate. Um, and I was able to kind of, you know, create a longer match that he's not used to and, uh, and bring the dog out of him, you know, and put him in deep waters that he's never been in. So, I I believe I I could do that with anybody, uh, given the, you know, the right timing and, uh, and space. So, Maragali has been really good at kind of melting opponents, right? Getting guys over time to drop the energy level and then, you know, start to he he starts to pour it on. Uh, do you think that's an option in this match or you ready for that? That sounds exactly what I like doing myself. You know, I love doing that. That's what that's my motto is that is to melt people and my motto is to push the pace till they start to slow down and then I pick up another gear and and change gears and and push through. So, yeah, I don't see that being an option. you know, he's going to have to break through a a very uh solid castle to to get that done. He likes to talk a lot of trash. You know, he likes to play the mind games beforehand. Is that going to be a factor in this match? I know you like to play the mind games, too. No, I don't think there's there's much he could say that could, you know, pull me um pull me out of character. I think he's he's great at doing that with guys that don't know how to react and how to act. I think I'm just too mature for that. And uh I think there's nothing he can say that can affect me. My life is perfect. you know, there's there's nothing nothing in this world that he can say to me that I was like, "Oh my god, that hurt my feelings." I don't it's hard to you got have feelings to get hurt for that to happen. So, I don't I don't see that happening. And uh and the real trash talking will happen the day of the fight, you know, during the match, you know. That's when I want to see him talk, you know. That's when uh I want to see him show me what he's been saying or he's going to do and, you know, prove, you know, to be true what he thinks he can do or not do. You know, this is is this going to be the first WO where you and Jasmine both fight? This will be first another first for daughter and son. Uh daughter and father and daughter. And uh yeah, this is we we've had Jasmine and Achilles on WO. I would like to have a trio, you know, us three. But um right now it's just uh just Jasmine and I. Achilles, man, who wouldn't want to see Achilles fight? Achilles is a showstopper, by the way, if you guys haven't been watching him. He's freaking kids just a there's nothing like him watching matches. He's unpredictable. Uh does things that just he's had the best three matches in all three trials. All three trials he had best match in Brazil, first trials, best match in Brazil, second trials, best match here today. So he's he's a kid's just unreal. You know, it would be nice maybe get him on the card, but uh you know, right now it's just me and Jazz. I can't disagree with that. Achilles has been absolutely crushing it at these trials, man. Uh what is the prediction for your match with Margali? Do you have a prediction? Do you have, you know, what should people be looking for when they tune in to watch Vagner versus Maragi? Uh a bar burner, man. He's going to push the pace and I'm going to push with him. So, let's we're going to see who who can climb to Mount Everest and get to the top first. So, that's the goal. I love it. Let's see it. May 10th, uh Arlington, Texas, W23. Vagner has an underrated leg lock game. Do you think he's going to be looking for those against you on on Friday? Uh yeah, for sure. I think this is one of the things that he should be looking for and um I guess he will. So he probably knows technically we live in two different dimensions like I'm like so far ahead and having the trick like hit a heel hook or hit a guillotine or something that could take me in uh uh like caught me when I'm not aware much. You know what I'm saying? Like it's kind of kind of hard to explain but I think that is everything he has. So probably he can try jumping to my leg or like be more like uh uh uh conservative about taking me down but also working more with guillotin setups. I'm more expecting that type of vagna for for Friday. What What kind of game are you going to be trying to play against Vagner? We can we can throw up the graphic if if you have it up Josh of uh Maragali. Not these ones. We can skip these ones. Let's go into just uh 4A Vagner versus Nicholas. Yeah. So obviously Friday, May 10th, who's number one 23 is going down in Arlington, Texas. Um there might be tickets still available. I'm not sure. So you can go to the ticket link there, but Maragali is going to be main eventing against Vagner. Kind of what what's your expectation for this match against Vagner? Um, my game changed a little bit since my last fight against Matzenis in March. And I changed my wrestle game a little bit to this fight because I know Vagna, he likes to play very conservative, extending arms and hand fighting in a way where it's kind of dirty. Like he tries breaker fingers. I don't want to have my hands fucked up for my ATC camp. So, and when I make make funny on my Instagram where I would wrestle him with my arms crossed, it's not because I'm only making funny, but actually because I'm developing a wrestle style where I'm not using my hands much to tied up my sorry to tie up my opponent's body. Cuz one of the main concerns when we talk about uh wrestling grappling like standup game, uh people they do not engage bodies. They more like use arms as a weapon. Like it's really hard. you shoot someone when the arms are extended so much distance even if I drop my level and I try shoot underneath the hips I'm not going to be able to do that is why people are so so uneffective shooting throws so I develop a kind of game where I can tie up myself on people by not using my arms to approach and then build up under hooks over hooks waist and shooting uh uh legs like high double legs high single legs so I'm pretty uh confident that there's going to be uh that is my game plan actually but I'm pretty confident it's going to work out pretty well cuz the hardest thing against Svagna is not going to be uh shoot on his legs. It's going to be close the distance cuz he does a very good job by walking away and like avoiding jiu-jitsu exchange. Like he's he's kind of good like on top like when someone is playing guard he engage. That's kind of weird cuz like when he's on top he's avoiding wrestle exchange but when someone is playing bottom he comes after which cool like he's not trying to stall from top. So I'm kind of excited. Once described as a place where east meets west, Arlington, Texas is the home destination of who's number one 23. Where Nicholas Maragali will meet Vagner Roachcha. Tonight, live from the College Park Center. It's a battle of generations here on Flow Grappling. As the anticipation builds and grappling fans grab their seats, we welcome you to the Who's Number 123 pre-show. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jake Watson, joined once again by Kendall Rusing here at the College Park Center in Arlington, Texas. We want to welcome you to the pre-show. Kendall, what a night we have ahead. Give me your thoughts. What a night indeed. We have legends, we have upandcomers, we have families fighting here on the mats together tonight and we've got some very, very excited fans. I am so stoked to be here. I am absolutely on your side there, Kendall. Let's take a look at the main card that we have here at Who's 123. As you guys can see, Nicholas Maragali and Vagnaro will headline the co-main event. Andrew Tacket, and Tommy Langer, Philippe Penna, Rafael Lovato Jr. on the card in a battle of timeless jiu-jitsu there. JT Torres will take on Nikki Ryan. Jasine Roachcha takes on Emily Pereira and Diego Hayes and Shay Mjiku kick off the main card. Man, what a night of action we have ahead. Kendall and I want to start by talking a little bit about that match between JT Torres and Nikki Ryan. Man, you said it best when you said that he has been unscored on 10 ADC. I mean, 10 years for ADC. It's pretty incredible to imagine the ability that it takes to score any sort of positional advantage on JT Torres. He is seemingly unbeatable, right? Not necessarily unbeatable, but with Nikki Ryan coming at him, this is not going to be an early scoring kind of match. I think we're going to see a very, very grindy entrance. There's going to be looks to see who can get to the top. Whether we see a wrestling entanglement there or we see Nikki pull and look for his wrestle ups, I think we're going to be seeing someone really edging out the top position. Well, one thing that we've heard for years is that we have seen nothing yet when it comes to Nikki Ryan. His skill that every one of his training partners through the years has said is just growing astronomically and we haven't always seen it on the competition match. Whereas JT Torres, it seems like he is able to compete at such a high level. His preparation is second to none. He's able to come into every single match with a lot, I mean a lot of information, a lot of studying and a great regimentation of strength and conditioning. I think it might even boil down to that in this match. Uh what what do you feel are Nikki Ryan's keys to victory in a match versus JT Torres? I mean, he does lock people down pretty well. What do you see his keys to victory are? Yeah, I think that one thing that's interesting about JT is JT is has a lot of maturity, right? We see his experience, his maturity on the mats, and he doesn't make a lot of mistakes, right? We were talking about earlier with being unscored on and so forth. So, with Nikki, I think that we need to see him get to the top position. Now, with the wrestling, that's very difficult. who takes down JT Torres, right? But where Nikki shines, what we've seen is a lot of his wrestler are really, really impressive. So, he can get to the top position and put a lot of pressure um with the passing there like we've seen in previous matches, for example, with Dante Leon. I think that could be a sort of path to victory for Nikki Ryan. However, we've seen him, you know, kind of sparsely over the last couple of years with different injuries and coming back, but he always comes back with improvements. So, I could be surprised. He come back could come back with something new. Yeah, Nikki Ryan definitely had a nearly flawless run at the East Coast Trials in 2023 for ADCC. So, I'm very excited to see that matchup. Another match up that we want to talk about is a battle between two people who have been in the game for a long time. Rafael Lovato Jr. taking on Felipe Pragisa Penna. Kendall Rusing. Man, two absolute legends. Am I right? It's like the easiest way to describe that match. You have Felipe Penna Lovado Jr. Now, this is a match that I didn't even know if we were ever going to get to see, right? because potential retirements, people taking different times off. Both of these gentlemen have been around for so long, have all the titles in the books, and now we get to see them here match up in front of us. You know, this matchup is pretty interesting to me because Rafael Lovato Jr. possesses this sort of wrestling style that can be offensive, but a lot of times no one can take him down. This match, I think, will be predicated on whether or not Felipe Penna decides to pull guard. One thing that Mo Jazzim, the head ADC2 organizer, was saying is that he believes that we are going to see a renewed, reinvigorated Felipe Penna. We'll see if Mo's prediction proves true. Yeah. So, it's an It kind of leads me to an interesting question for you, Jake. If you when you're thinking about new and invigorated, we know Felipe Penna obviously represents the team Gracie Baja. He's also trained with Andrea down at the Otto's headquarters. What do you think he is going to bring that would be new? You think this is more of a bottom style? This is some wrestling where he's looking to come up on top and start to pass. Lovado is pretty hard to beat anywhere, right? I feel hardly qualified to answer that question. I feel like uh Felipe Penna and Rafa Lovado Jr. both are absolutely incredible champions. Now, what that means, again, I'm not sure. They're both incredible. Felipe Penna has done some really incredible stuff. And honestly, I wish I had more information for you, Kendall, but I am interested in looking forward to it tonight. The co-main event is the next match we're going to talk about. Andrew Tacket and Tommy Langaker are going to take the mats. Man, I have dubbed this as my prediction for the most exciting match of the card. Yeah, the injured tag fresh off a ACC trial victory. So, we'll see him in August at the ADCC T-Mobile Arena. It's going to be insane. He's unpredictable. He's so fun to watch. He is constantly flying around the mat. And he used to be one of those competitors that in a bracket of mature athletes, you would count out. He is no longer that guy. He's proved it right now coming in against Tommy Lanker. I mean, Langanger has the ability to not only be super spicy, be crazy, throw up submissions, go for those back takes, but he also has the maturity to know how to win when it counts. He can hold a position if he needs to, he can ride things out if he needs to. That could be a key to victory with someone as wild on the mats as Tacket. Yeah. And you might even think that the time could play a factor in there. But we've seen Andrew Tacket versus PJ Bart. If you guys haven't seen that match on the flow grappling YouTube, I highly encourage you. It is absolutely incredible. And that was 15 minutes of non-stop action. Tommy Langer perhaps a little bit more, I want to say by the book than Andrew Tacket. I mean, Andrew has some pretty unhinged jiu-jitsu. Both of these competitors have turned taken the back into sort of an art form of itself. And I'm very excited to see who's able to create that opening first. Yeah. And it's interesting when you use the word unhinged, right? Because that's exactly how I view it. But it's really interesting too because Langanger doesn't exactly have a slow, you know, methodical style. He can be very, very exciting himself. And it's interesting to note, too, for those of you guys who haven't watched Tacket for too long, is he actually is like a true testament to the who's number one process. He went in on that crazy who's number show that we had came into the Night of Champions most recently with that match with PJ Barge like we mentioned and now has won trials and is here fighting in a pretty big matchup. So, it's exciting to see his evolution. Yeah, absolutely. That is going to be the co-main event of the evening and it is going to culminate with a match up between Nicholas Maragali and Vagner Roa at the press conference live on frog grappling. It got a little intense. Take a look. Inflate yourself like a balloon. But in the fact is Nicholas I see a guy sitting across from me that's trying to be somebody that he isn't. You're trying to be somebody else. And it is what it is man. You know we're going to go there tomorrow. We're going to square up. And when I square up you will know the difference. If you live on my side, I I actually hold myself when I have this microphone in my hands because I talk way darker than this. Like what I think and the the things I believe, it's based on jiu-jitsu. That's it. You are tough. Penn is tough. I'm tough. Kind is tough. Why am I beating people and make them look like a child? Because I'm a better technically speaking. Simple as that. Well, ladies and gentlemen, joining us for the Who's Number One 23 pre-show, please welcome the greatest NOGI grappler of all time, Gordon Ryan. Well, first of all, I just want to say I don't know if I'm underdressed or overdressed, but you guys look phenomenal tonight. That's really nice. Maybe dress adjacent maybe with just different styles, but still elevated. I'm trying to fit in and stand out at the same time. That's Texas formal. You're really good at that. Yeah. Great. Well, Gordon, I wanted to start out by asking you what you thought of Vagner's comments. You train with Nicholas Maragali. You've developed a close friendship with him. What do you think of Vagner's comments at the press conference? I think Vagner is pretty good on the mic. He's very calm. He's cool collected. Um, he's one of the few Brazilians that has very good English. He sounds like he's from America, so he can he can he can talk with the best of them. And uh it's very hard to get in Vagner's head. I don't think it's you he's seen it all. So, you're not going to you're not going to break Vagner mentally. Um, they were going back and forth. I was entertained watching it. I think the fans are entertained and uh you know I'm just excited to go to go out there tonight and to I'm co gonna be coaching against Vagner but I just want to see what he has in store and you know Vagner is always a gamer so it's bound to be fascinating one way or the other. So outside the battle of the mic, one of the things that's interesting to us is how quickly Nicholas has excelled in the in Nogi, right? He's one of the greatest gay fighters of all time, multiple world world titles, but when he was transitioning to Nogi, we've actually talked about this before, it was like pretty insane how quick he was adapting and excelling. But the question in particular that I have is like the last time we saw him for with Kynan Dwart, right? He has an incredible submission victory. What specifically has he improved on since then that you think is going to be a key role in the match with Vagner? Um, I think since the Kynan match, the the thing he's improved on most is probably his wrestling. Um, he just like has this thing now where he doesn't like to play guard. He will play guard. He's very good at playing guard, but he just wants to wrestle guys. He wants to prove because everyone thinks that, oh, his wrestling's terrible. He wants to prove that I can go out there and I can take the best guys in the world down. Um, so it'll be interesting to see what he what he does tonight. I'm not really sure if he's going to pull guard or if he's going to wrestle, but if he does wrestle, we're going to see some fireworks because I know Vagner's definitely not accepting bottom position. And if Nicholas chooses not to accept bottom position, someone's going to get taken down. So, in regards to your own personal experience going against Vagner Roach, what do you feel like are some of the key elements that Nicholas needs to take into this match. He needs to watch out for in the style of Vagner Roach. Yeah. So, I've trained with Vagner. I've competed against Vagner three times. You know, he's pretty dangerous from everywhere. He's very positionally sound, very tactically good. uh and he has very sneaky kimoras from everywhere. So, he's very good at using kimoras either as submissions or using it to transition to other positions both offensively and defensively. Um when either when either he's attacking or when people are attacking him. Um and he's got a very annoying kind of top game where he he he can pass you at any time. He takes good opportunities. He's very good with his timing and uh he's he's very hard to off balance. So, I think if Vagner can keep it standing and hit some takedowns, I think if Vagner can stay in top position or get to a good position, that's what Vagner really needs to do. Um, the one one big issue I see for Vagner is going to be if he ends up in a bad position or if he ends up in bottom position because Maragali's passing is just unstoppable. It just puts so much pressure on guys. You see the energy level go down and then it just gets worse from there. Well, Champ, thank you so much for joining us for a few quick questions on the Who's Number One 23 pre-show. Ladies and gentlemen, the greatest submission grappler of all time, Gordon Ryan. We look forward to hopefully seeing you back soon. Of course. That being said, let's take a look at the undercard here at Who's Number 123. It's going to be kicked off by Evan Levy and Marlon Tanaka. Cassie Mora is going to take on Jesse Crane. Lucas Lero takes on Husam Alabed. And then finally K uh headlining the undercard is going to be Achilles Roachcha as he takes on Cameron Couch. And you might notice, Kendall, that there are three Roachches on this card. Achilles Roachcha, Jasmine Roachcha, and Vagner Roachcha. We have a cool little package we want to show you right now. I guess it's pretty cool. You know, my whole family out here, everybody eyes on us, seeing what's going to happen, how's it going to end up. But we're here to put on a show every time. It's definitely different to have all three of us competing. The vibes are the vibes are great. You know, everybody's super excited. And I know once Achilles gets that first win, that momentum is going to keep going and it's going to be a a clean sweep tomorrow night. 3 0. It's more than proud. It's it's like an a thing that never happens in any any sport or any professional avenue. So for us to all be able to compete at the highest level and to be featured on an event like this, you know, this is just it's all made of dreams, you know. So it's uh it's bizarre, you know. It's uh it's I've been trying to put a finger on it and understand the capacity of it and I don't know if I will today and maybe in 10 years from now I'll look back and be like wow I did that with with them you know. Well it's a Roachcha family affair as you guys saw there. We want to give you guys a little bit more information about who's number 123 and how you can follow along. If you take a look in the bottom left of the screen you're going to see #WN23. That's number1123. Let us know that you're following along. We want to see that you're engaged, that you're watching along online. We love fan engagement and we hope you guys use that hashtag. Who knows, you might even make it to be a part of the show or on Instagram or on Instagram. You never know over the social. You heard it from Kendall, not from me. But also, flowgrappling.com is the location that you will see the main event, the main card. So, the prelim is going to be free on YouTube, but if you want to watch the final, if you want to watch the main card and you want to see the news, articles, and updates, go to flowgrappling.com and make sure that you buy a subscription. All the action tonight is exclusively on flow grappling, the place for jiu-jitsu. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that's the Who's Number One 23 pre-show. My name is Jake Watson. I am joined by Kendall Rusing, and we will see you guys on the mat. Stay tuned. Don't go anywhere. Live from the College Park Center in beautiful Arlington, Texas, this is Who's Number 123. We got a night of action with some of the best submission grapplers in the world and from here in Texas. Ricardo Amado here with Mr. Shawn Williams. And Sean, we are in store for another exceptional who's number one fight card. Yes, we are. I'm going to sound like a broken record every WO because it's without doubt uh that the matchmaking in W provides some of if not most of the most exciting uh grappling in on the planet. And the card here, uh, I don't think is going to disappoint. This is going to be right up there. We're going to have some incredible, incredible matchups. Yeah, from top to bottom, main card, undercard, just absolutely stacked. Let's take a look at the card. Uh, opening up the main card, we have Diego Hayes, former Who's Number One Champion against Shane Montagi, making his Who's Number One debut. Jasmine Hosa makes a return against Emily Ferrer, who's also Who's Number One veteran. Then we got JT Torres versus Nikki Ryan. One of the most anticipated matches of this event, followed up by the legends, Felipe Penna versus Raphael Lovato Jr. Then Andrew Tacket versus Tommy Langaker. Are you kidding me? That's got fireworks all over it. And to top things off, we got Nicholas Maragali against Vagner Hosa. So this is going to be an awesome night. Main car. That's the rundown. Let's take a look at the undercard. We got a lot of local representation on the undercard. First off, we got Marlin Tanaka taking on the sub only finishers. Who's number one qualifier winner? Evan Levy. Casia Morura is going to be taking on Jesse Crane. Lucas Lera is going to be taking Husam Alabed. And in the feature match of the undercard, Achillesa against Cameron Couch. So, just an absolutely stacked card from top to bottom. Bank card, undercard. We're going to have excitement. We're going to see some of the best submission grapplers out here tonight. And part of the thing that makes Who's Number One very special is the rule set. We're going to kick things over to Reed Connell from Flow Grappling to describe the intricate rules that make Who's Number One so exciting. Welcome to Who's Number One, the premier proving ground for the world's best grapplers. And now, right here on this very stage, two grapplers will enter and only one will leave victorious. All matches are 15 minutes in length, except we're otherwise noted with no points, no advantages, and no interruptions. just elite competitive grappling. There are two ways to win. The first is of course the most preferred by submission. And here at Who's Number One, all submissions are legal. Heel hooks, arm bars, twisters, and beyond. The world's best have all the tools at their disposal. And if at any point either competitor taps, the match is over. But if there isn't a submission, we will rely on three neutral side judges to determine a winner. Their decision will be based on our who's number one judging criteria, which is unique to this match. Now, above all, we are looking for aggression. That means never taking a backwards step and moving forward at all costs. We're looking for dangerous submission attacks. That means attempts that will result in a near submission. Okay, leave your 50/50 ankle locks at home. We don't need them. And if it doesn't result in a reaction or a hyperextension, they simply won't count. And finally, positional control. That means guard passes, mount, back takes, anything that leads to positional dominance. The match will be judged in its entirety, and the person with the better display of effective grappling skill will get their hand raised. The referee is also neutral and does not take part in the judg's decisions. His role is purely to control the action on the mats and reset the action should it go out of bounds. This is elite grappling competition at its purest form. A showcase for the world's best grapplers on the world's biggest stage. Just the best fighting the best. It's the only way to truly find out who's number one. Ladies and gentlemen, live from the College Park Center in Arlington, Texas, this is Who's Number 123, brought to you by Destination Jiu-Jitsu, Swain by Dymer, Defense Soap, and Kings Kimonos. Reign supreme. Our judges in the arena and sitting madside are Joah Astonishious, Antonio Sakonei, Venicius Aguro, and Gabriel Martins. And now it's time to begin the first bout of the evening in the Who's Number One Welterweight Division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, making his Who's number one debut, he stands 5' 8 in tall, weighing in 171 pounds, fighting out of Gracie Jim Richardson in Richardson, Texas, Marlin Tanaka. [Music] Marlon Tanaka makes his who's number one debut local athlete representing Gracie Gym. He's got some big wins under his portfolio there, Shawn Williams. He recently finished, I think it was recently finished AJ Agazam in a straight foot lock. So, you might see him go on that because it's was actually a counterattack and then he got into leg isolation. So, I'll walk you through that if I see it coming. And introducing his opponent, fighting out of the red corner, also making his number one debut. He stands 5' 8 in tall, weighing in 170.2 lbs, fighting out of New Wave Jiu-Jitsu in Austin, Texas. Evan Ley, the winner of the Who's Number One qualifier at the Subon Finishers, Evan Levy, makes his long aaited Who's Number One debut. All right, let's take a look at this welterweight tail of the tape. Marlin Tanaka, 26 years old, 5'8, weighed in at 170 lbs, and Evan Levy, 24 years old, 5'8", 170.2 lbs. All right, we're going to kick things over to Gabriel Martinez to begin tonight's first match. Here we go. And Evan Evan Levy looked really good on uh the footage that I've watched of him uh winning that. He looks pretty classic New Wave. So, you know, you're going to see a guy that's very good at leg attacks. Um wrestling here. He's got double under hooks. Just got to get around the corner. Oh, nice counter attempt there by Tanaka trying to belly the back. Um was at least able to clear him off there. And uh yeah, you'll see a guy in Evan that's got very high level leg attacks and in in back control. When he gets into back control, you'll see that little system. So you hear the name Levy, it's no coincidence. Who's Number One debut, the brother of Amanda Levy, who competed at Who's Number One. One of the greatest female submission grappers out there. Looking forward to her return one day. And Evan wants to make a name for himself. He won the sub only finishers. He's won countless local events, but now it's his time to shine here on the big stage of who's number one. Amanda had great wrestling as well. Like you could see uh Evan just doing that snap down, that little shot right there. He's he could easily get in on the leg here. I believe he's done a very good job of snapping Tanaka's arms down with not really that much response in on the level change. So getting that right under hook as the hips come back from Tanaka you could see him snap him down into a front head arms working right into the clinch though. Yeah Tanaka in the pre in the press conference he said you know what I'm mostly a ghee guy but he is a submission hunter and that's why we brought him out here. He's got you know he's from the area. He's got some vicious ankle locks as you mentioned. So it'll be interesting to see how things play out once they hit the floor. It's a nice under hook he's got there. You can do a lot of different things there. He's trying to get his hip in. You can hit ducks. You can snap downs. When the hips come back, there's the snap down the front head arm. So, as the hips come back, he forced the hips back to get the front head arm. Bit of the scenario. I'm really liking a lot of the setups that we're seeing from Beon, although he hasn't been able to finish them. Just countless setups and just uh just chaining together a lot of different movements from the standing position. Yeah, that was a me too. Ricardo is very right there. But uh that was a nice little Uchima as well. Little counter at Uchima to clear things out for for Tanaka. So just a reminder for you guys at home, this is a 9-minute match. So in about 38 seconds, you're going to hear the first judge's favorite. Just to remind you, the judge's favorite doesn't we're not counting rounds here, so no one's winning a round. It's just to tell you who is winning the match thus far. If it goes to a decision and there's no submission, hopefully we will see someone tap out. So, Tanaka looks really comfortable with that Uchima counter. Uh, so that might be putting Evan just a little cause a little hesitation. He's getting in there. He can win on a single. There's a nice little arm drag. to work. I don't really know Evans game from here, but that snap down the front head arm was really nice. The first time he did that was very nice. Going Tanaka there. He's got to nice take down by Evan Levy. Getting to the back now of Martin Tanaka. And you want to kill an uchima that's you go around that back hip. That really helps settle that uchimata counter down. And what Deon Levy just demonstrated there from this far angle looks like he's got almost like a crucifix with the leg entangled as well. Now sitting up to top side half guard Levy progressing. Tanaka now working a little half guard sweep of his own, but he got sucked right into the 5050 for a sec of Evan Levy. Yeah. And and that was initially where Tanaka hit that straight foot lock. It was more of a a straight foot lock on that exposed left leg over there, but now he's in 50/50. A little bit different now. Tanaka's base looks really good right now. Now he's set in heavy on that right leg. He's trying to get the right knee to the floor. Yeah, good job there. It was interesting right when they said the judge's favor who they favored to knock as far. That's when everything changed. So that's again once again explaining the the how the judges favor work. Everything could change in the next judge's favor. They they're obviously going to be saying Evan Levy because he's been uh positionally dominant thus far. Even though he hasn't had the positions for a long time, he's had more offensive now. Things change minuteto minute here at who's number one. 4 minutes 22 seconds left in this match. You look at the background, we see our one of our main event athletes, Vagner Rosha, getting a look at the venue here. And Evan Levy now on a nice heel hook attempt. Tanaka just slipping right out. Nice sweep to get to the top position by Marlon Tanaka. Wrapping the legs. Nice little pass there. Tanaka doing a great job of getting the back flat and getting in a really solid position here now with the head arm half guard here. Chest to chest. Using that right leg to try to keep away that lock down or inside scorpion. we call it and did a good job doing that. Tanaka now got the head and arm locked up trying to progress trying to pass that half guard using that pressure. Yeah, Levy is doing a good job on his left side of at stiff arming that hip down to create some space. Now he's worked that right arm underneath. So, it'll be a little a few little bumps and he'll you'll see his right under hook sl sort of slip in there as soon as he beats the elbow. He'll go into a right under hook position. Judges favor red. Interesting. The judges favor red. And that the second judges favor even though Tanaka got a couple sweeps. But Levy now recovering. Tanaka continuing to keep tons of pressure up top. Yeah, he's doing a great job of keeping that pressure, staying above the knee. Close guard now. Ev attempt there trying to trap that shoulder. Looking for a short arm bar and that hook underneath. We could be seeing a nice shoulder crunch sweep here. Yeah, he's there is the foot's on the hip. That's a little bit better. But really, he he got on the wrong hip from the get-go with just the arm. You have just the arm. Um going out to the Udagatami side. A little more favorable. [Music] It's not almost passing. He's forward now. He should he should go now. Put his right the right hook inside the leg. There he got moved backwards. His weight was was well forward. Would have been a very nice passing attempt if he put the hook inside the leg. Liby trying to wrap up that head. Recovers guard once again. Get it back into the half guard. Tanaka once again establishing that grip there. But Levy just doing a great job of making space. Minute 25 seconds left. [Music] trying to go one way, cut back the other. Let's see if he can just step out that right leg. He's going to go after his leg. A leg attack of his own here in the inside position, but left his leg a little hanging out. So, this will be interesting. His leg's a bit caught up. So, if Evan can get a good bite on that heel there, he got it out. See if Tanaka can either counterattack by looping the right leg over or free the feet from behind using that right foot behind the back and then drive in. Tanaka is sitting back on the straight ankle. Something tells me that wasn't the greatest of ideas at this point. Now going for a toe hold there. That's a good counter towe hold, but that heel hook's even tighter on that opposite side. Oh, he was it looks like he was just about to tap there. Tanaka now trying to counter to get to the back of Evan Levy. Levy counters and sucks him right back up into the tangle. That was a It was a very nice counter. It's a little shallow. Now he goes on that straight foot lock. This is kind of Yeah, he missed it. And that is it. This is a tough one. Tough one. do not know who won that. I will be very honest. That's a tough one. Tanaka had some great pressure there on the end. Really sort of stalemating everything Levy did and driving in some very close passing attempts. But yes, I agree, Ricardo. Very, very close. Let's take a look at the replay as both men came out. We saw a lot of takedown attempts. Nice wrestling attempts from Evan Levy. Nice counter by Marlin Tanaka. wasn't able to really solidify it. Plenty of wrestling in this match in the beginning. Beautiful taked down by Aan Levy was able to get to the back for a sec and then we saw a leg lock battle towards the end of the match. Tanaka used that to come up on top. But we're going to go to the judges to find out who is the winner here in just a sec. All right, let's see what our head official Gabriel Martins and the judges have decided. And your winner by unanimous decision out of the red corner, Evan Levy. Evan Levy gets the win. I think it was the submission attempts that made the difference. As this is a sub only format, we want to see who's going after those submissions. We're going to kick things over to Kendall Rusing for a word with Evan Levy. Great match to kick things off here at Who's 23. Congratulations. What a huge victory here on the Who's Number One stage. How does it feel to have your first time here be a victory? It feels really good. I don't think my match was that good. Kind of felt crappy. I think I could have did a lot of things better, especially being part of team New Wave. But I only been with them for 6 months and then I just got to keep working. Hopefully I get back to the stage and I can prove myself that I am better than what I showed tonight. Well, what can the fans hope to expect if you say you're wanting to bring a new package and you're looking to come back on the stage? What kind of style are we talking about? my uh felt like I was a little stuck in the guard more than I should be considering I used to play bottom a lot more. I'd like to show a lot more of my top game passing that we've been working on and then getting to the back and finishing or finishing from top position. Awesome. So, congratulations again on your first win back here. Is there anyone in particular as you look to climb the ranks coming into who's number one that you would like to have a match with in the future? Um I think Jet Thompson. I beat him once. I think he got a lot better over the past months. Uh, I think I should have did did a better performance tonight. Uh, Max Hansen is another incredible competitor, but I just want to test myself against everybody that's above me and that's been on the stage more than me and just show what I'm capable of. All right, you heard it here first. Let's give a congratulations to our first champion of the night one more time. Thank you. Now, don't go anywhere because we have a very, very special video for you. We have a tease of a very special documentary coming your way. Stay tuned. Welcome. We're here at the roots compound. This is like been our happy place for the last couple years. Day three, maybe four. We lost track here at Carol. You guys even remember why this minute MMA fight started? Surprisingly yawning. with the submission up at the end there. It's like jiu-jitsu. It's like surfing, you know? Everyone's got like their own style they got to develop. They're risktakers. We all knew they were going to be superstars. The boys always say, "We want to bring jiu-jitsu back to its roots. That's what I see them portraying and living out. Ladies and gentlemen, our Next match takes place in the Who's Number One flyweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. Making her Who's number one debut, she stands 5' 5 in tall, weighing in 126 lb, fighting out of Bosto's Brazilian jiu-jitsu in Midland, Texas. Casia Mura from the fllas of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, all the way to the stage of who's number one. Casia Mura makes her Who's Number One debut. Strong wrestling, but uh 100% will dive on a flying triangle as well. So she this will be exciting. and her opponent fighting out of the red corner. She has a record of two wins, four losses. She stands 4' 11 in tall, weighing in 123.6 lb. Fighting out of all American by way of team Mhler in Dallas, Texas, Jesse Crane. Jesse Crane, a Who's Number One veteran, has returned to Who's Number One, and she's got her hands filled with Casia Mora. Hometown hero here, Jesse Crane representing Muller Jiu-Jitsu. We're going to take a look at the tale of the tape of this women's flyweight matchup. Cassia only 18 years old, 5'5, weighed in at 126 pounds. Jesse Crane, 22 years old, 4'11, 123.6 lb. Here we go. Casio Mura actually coming off a double gold at the IBGF Panam's brown belt division. Pulls guard right away on Jesse Crane. Jesse Crane likes the leg attack, so We'll have to see if that's something that she goes to from from the top position just to test Gasia's defense or Casia training at uh Midland training in Midland, Texas representing Basos BJ head coach Professor Bruno Bastos team lead Jesse Crane right here in Dallas Mhler Jiu-Jitsu. Alan Mohler's team and Jesse's got wins in who's number one over Jesse Stmple, Lauren Sears, Alexa Yiannis. She's she knows how to play the Who's Number One submission only game. There's been a lot of buzz about Cascamora. So, it be interesting to see how this plays out. Yeah, you can see Cascamora. She's she's trying a flying arm lock, flying triangle. She's she's thinking about it big time. But uh right now Jesse's reading that nicely when they're on the feet. She's in very good business passing position. Jesse makes a deep right under hook. There it goes. Now she can get down chest to chest and put a little more pressure. Cassia in a nice kneecap position. You see Jesse's right hand kind of sed maintaining the grip on Cassia's leg trying to get her prevention there. What else is she looking for in that position? Yeah, she could go Arman guillotine passes Darcis off that over hook there. She's digging that right hand, but Jesse can keeps taking the left her left arm out, but that now has led us to here where her left arm is now compromised trying to use her head to walk the arm up. Here comes an underhook on that right side. There she's using her head again. Now she can use the hand on the on the knees. So once she's got her head up that high, she can use the hand on the knees and walk towards us. And that will help her drive that knee to the floor. And if that happens, you're going to most likely see an near immediate kadakatami attack. The head walked up there. If she can just get her knee out there, which she over time she should, she walk her foot up the floor. The knees are pinned on the mat. So There you see Bruno Bastos in the corner of Casia Mura. Bruno's got a big team out here in Arlington. Uh affiliate Alvarez BJJ Danny Alvarez brought a big cheering section here as well. Casia looking to pass but almost looked like she was threatening the arm a little bit as well. Judges favor blue. Judges favor Casia Mura so far. Dominant positioning. Looks like she almost could pass or get to the back. Jesse Crane now trying to suck up that leg for half guard. But Morris is in dominant position. Yeah, she's doing a good job with the foot now. Yeah. Well, you you could see Crane here trying to get into deep half with that right scoop. Oh, she took it out. Now she's going across the hip, which means she just try to run away. Jesse's arm is you can get it. Might be a good idea to work this right arm inside that bicep to assist. You get off the hips, but you save your arm. So, just a ton of pressure. from Casio Mura and just kind of shutting down any half guard attempt by Jesse Crane. Very frustrating position to be in into the deep half, hiding her left arm very well. Now she's got to put a left hook underneath the leg. She puts the left hook under. There she goes. And that'll help her come to the top safely. Nice little rotation to get to the top, but Casia defends Pinser to the Mat again. [Music] And you know, ended the position with a nice little inverted arm bar, a mirror lock. Thanks for pointing that out. That's right. You you you that thing can make you squirm. Oh, yeah. Nonetheless, we could see that later. Cassie trying to kick that leg free. She gets it done. Passes. Gets the side control. Yeah, excellent positioning here for Casia. Just so tight the right arm. So, we'll see if she starts to slide the right knee to the middle. She's really anchored that left hand down in the armpit there. She could start walking under the leg a little and then use the right arm to help. Cassia blocking the hips of Crane, redirecting so she can get her hips behind her hips and eventually to the back. Jesse with a nice little roll out, but Cassia is just stuck on that back now. Both hooks in as it looks like. Yep. Cassie's got a great position to finish. Can't see where the hands are, but it looks like Jesse's defending the submission there. Flattened her right out. He's got her flat now. So, now she can start. She could even start fishing with both hands here. Left and right hands. If she can maintain that face down position. Jesse needs to have that cross wrist tie and then shoehorn in there. She needs to continue to look to the ceiling, keep that left elbow happy, blue and beat the head position. Right now, she has not beat Casia's head. She's got to get around the head by pushing her body up with the legs. That that gets you around the head. That's that's really one of the big problems when you're on the control side is the head position of your opponent can be so good you can't get your head on the floor. Cassia's arm over the chin, but she still went for that rear naked choke. Switching up angles now. Cassie on it again. You can see Jesse's face looks like she is in trouble. The young Brazilian only 18 years old. to mention actually celebrated one year living in the United States teaching jiu-jitsu here at Texas and she is just dominating this match so far. Jesse needs to get the cross hand cross wrist of that strangle hand. So that will help her work herself out. Jesse doing a great job keeping composed and one escape if she can just free herself from those hooks that could completely change the match. You know, we talk about Cassia. She's only 18, so she doesn't have a ton of experience, but she came from a really good jiu-jitsu camp. She was only a blue belt less, I think about a year ago, and look at her just continuing to dominate here. She's got the rear naked choke, but it looks like it's on the chin now and gets the submission. Casia Mora just submitted Jessica here at number 123. Dominant performance. Very physical, very good position the entire time. Um, just tight, just glued on Jesse Crane the entire time. Yeah, just an absolutely dominant performance from start to finish. Congratulations to this young young lady here in her who's number one debut. That's what you want to make a debut on. Who's number one? Ladies and gentlemen, your winner by rear naked choke submission out of the blue corner, Casia Mor. Casia Mura gets her first submission here at Who's Number One by Rud Koka gets the veteran of Who's Number One. As we said, absolutely dominant performance for this young lady. Coach Bruno is going to come over for some translation and we're going to kick things over to Kevin. Oh, sorry. We're gonna take a look at the replay first. I got a little excited there, Sean Williams. Okay, let's take a look at the replay. You see the pass from Casam. She was able to get her foot free eventually and was able to work to the back position. And once she got those hooks in, she did not let go. She attacked and attacked and attacked. was able to just flatten Jesse Crane out and just dominate from this position and eventually gets the submission in her who's number one debut. And now we're going to kick things over to Kendall Rusing forward with our winner Casio Mora. Congratulations on your victory here at your Who's Number One debut and not only that, your oneyear anniversary in the United States, right? How does that feel? [Music] uh so basic basically says she was very nervous is her first professional match. uh she's just 18 years old and then people don't know much about her here but they're going to know soon because she's already considered herself one of the best in the world and she going to prove that she's one of the best in the world. Yeah, I mean we definitely saw that tonight. A highly accomplished competitor that you came out and had a submission victory over. What can the fans expect to see more of when they're watching you on the mats? Because I know we're going to get to see you again sometime soon. Yeah. Um So, Brazil uh like I have a aggressive jiujitsu. I have aggressive style. So that's what you guys can expect. I know that I have a beautiful jiu-jitsu. I believe I have a beautiful jiu-jitsu. I came from Janeer, Brazil. And I know that like all my friends and family there are very happy and that's for them as well. Let's give it up one more time for our champion. Congratulations, Casio Mora. [Applause] Congratulations, Casia Mora. We're going to be taking a break and we'll be back with more action here at Who's 23. Coming up next, we have a very, very anticipated match between Lucas Lita and Husam Alabed. Don't go anywhere, guys. We will be right back. This event is sponsored by Kings Kimos. Kings is a world leader in jiu-jitsu gear and apparel. Premium crafted products worn by the sport's biggest names. Kings Kimos reign supreme. Go. Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go down go down go down go down go down go down go down go down go down go down go Coming up next, a match in the Who's Number One Light Heavyweight Division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, making his Who's number one debut. He stands 5' 10 in tall, weighing in 190.8 lbs. Fighting out of Aries BJJ in Irving, Texas, Ham Alabad. [Music] Ham Alabad makes his Who's Number One debut known as an amazing wrestler. He wants to test his guard passing skills here against Lucas Lra today. Yeah, has really nice wrestling. wouldn't be surprised if we see some ducks if it stays on the feet and won't very talented wrestler and his opponent fighting out of the red corner also making his who number one debut he stands 5'9 in tall weighing in 203.4 4 lb fighting out of Otto Jiu-Jitsu in Miami, Florida. Lucas Lera. Lucas Lera makes his Who's number one debut. We were looking to get Lucas on the card for a long time. The timing just wasn't right, but he finally is here. Man, there's a lot of buzz around this young man here. Yeah, that's right. You're right. And and he's sort of one of these guys who's flying under the radar right now. So, uh, we'll talk more about that as he gets into it. Um, what we can expect to see from this young man, but very talented. All right, let's take a look at this tail of the tape. This light heavyweight matchup. Lucas LRA, 26 years old, 5'9, weighed in at 203.4 lb. His opponent 26 years old, 5' 10, 190. LB. Samed versus Lucas LRA. Here we go. [Applause] Yeah, LRA one that has a very very good guard and can wrestle as well. His guard is if you can't even be late if you're his inverted guard. If you walk around even carelessly whatsoever, he'll snag your leg while he's inverted. It's he's done it many times. Very good. So, we're in for a good one. We talk about the wrestling of Usam. Lucas at the press conference says he's not impressed at all by us wrestling. played some mental warfare. With a nice shot there, Lucas with a nice little counter. Yeah, the footage I've seen uh from Usam, he he sort of looks like he specializes in these ducks. He's very good at the duck unders and the fireman's there's the leg entanglement right now. He's on a heel, but it's loose, a little bit shallow. But now, if we see LRA sit down, watch if if Husan walks around and his feet were are within any reach at all with not the hands but the legs as he inverts. You'll see him just go suck that leg right in. It's very good at it. Lucas nice little elevation attacking the leg of Usam. Gets the sweep gets to the top position. Usam reverses out. Got to like this pace so far, Sean Williams. Absolutely. who saw him set. He hopes that Lucas pulls guard because he wants to show his passing and prove that he's not just a wrestler and he's got a lot of different skills. Lucas working that deleiva from the bottom position. So keep that right knee open right now. He's got to open up that right knee. If it gets caved in, yeah, there it be a little easier for LRA to get around the legs. S doing a great job riding out top position here. Attacking the heel is Lucas LRA. Lucas using that attack to get to the top position. We saw him elevating Lucas right away. Yeah, did a great job of staying calm, composed, defend, kept his legs from being completely isolated on that heel hook. And using it to get to the top position very, very well. Lucas LRA on top of Usam Alabedam fighting out of Irving, Texas representing Aries BJJ. Lucas Lra at representative from Miami, Florida. Trying to slide by, but nice inversion there by S. inverted nicely in on the leg. Got to fix his legs a little bit. Yeah, his legs were a little out of position. [Applause] Very good p. Yeah, this is uh Oh, the nice double leg take down. the shot from pretty far away but was able to pull the legs in. That shot was from one edge of the mat to the other. Yep. [Applause] [Music] Be interesting to see who favor red. Lucas Lero gets the first judge's favor. in on the leg now as Lucas Lero is going to go over the top. [Music] Doing a good job here. This is where he could take the back if he has that move in him. Dive the leg back, roll through, but I don't know if that's in his arsenal. He's going to have to back step while keeping that right knee free. Doesn't look like that's he wants to do, but good to sit down, scoot away, exit the legs nicely. Don't rush. Don't rush. Now trying to get under the hips. Using the kiss of the dragon here to try to get in on a leg. Now he's pretty deep, but the right leg needs to get into a little bit of a different position here. Lucas now has the heel. Y just slides right out. Yep. That far leg just wasn't quite where I'm sure he wanted it to be. Couldn't quite keep the leg. Well, nice bite on the heel, but [Music] trying to get in through the legs there. goes on a rolling guillotine is in like a little barolo position but just ended up getting stuck in a toe hold. [Applause] Look at now bottom position. It's been a great match so far. The pace of this match has been the best of all the undercards so far. stepping over that foot there for trying to get worked in a sun now. A little risky there. Yeah, driving in that at that position was a bit risky. Again, he's doing a great job of keeping his knees out of danger, just letting him exit those legs, recover well. looking for a false re but going to get another judge's favor in a second red Lucas LRA again he's not this is not rounds that the judges are just saying if the match were to go to a decision right now LRA would be winning. But if we saw anything, who saw him could pull a taked down or you know anything out of his hat at any moment. So let's see in this last three minutes. Nice little pass attempt there. [Applause] This is where LRA gets a little dangerous. He goes after that far leg as you circle around his head. So He's got to stay composed here and not just try to recklessly run around the head. We saw him dropping that knee down now. Looking to separate legs. Lucas Lero on the heel once again. Oh, he's got a good position here if he can lock the body in, but he couldn't quite get there. Busam's position reminds me of Rustam Chazv. Just, you know, that awkward stalking distance that he stays. He's not super tight, you know, not, you know, not trying to pin, but he's not super far away. He's just in the middle. Yeah, he's doing a good job of, like I said, keeping this knee safe. Got to keep that right knee closed a little bit now. Just attempted Sumagi to get under the leg. Nice beautiful hip movement by Vam and great recovery by Lucas LRA [Applause] minute 7 seconds left in this match. We're back to the feet. [Applause] 47 seconds left. We saw him stalking Lucas Lera. Lucas trying to sit up on that single. Lucas just shutting or saw just shutting it down. Lucas needs to get his leg inside. So he's going to try to pull out now. He's trying to straight for lock there. He's going to try to invert his his left knee inside, but I think Assan's going to do a great job here of keeping his feet too safe. S now sits back for a straight ankle lock. Lucas saying he's got nothing. Stands right up. Kicks out. Double under hook for a sec there. Lucas steps over in the closing second of this match. This was a great match. You know, a lot of action from start to finish. I think Lucas had a lot more attacks, a lot more definitely a lot more submission attacks. Let's take a look at the replay. Hopefully, we can take a look at that big double leg that Usam was able to bust out. Lot of leg attacks, lot of inversions. This match had a whole lot of everything. Lucas's guard was just on point, but man, Usam was just able to defend there. Here's that double leg we talked about. Beautiful taked down attempt there by Husam and his is, you know, hip switching and everything was just really, really cool to see. But let's see what the judges are going to say here in this matchup. Referee Gabriel Martinez calling both Lucina King. Gordon Ryan in attendance here and Marcus Buchesa in the house as well. Ladies and gentlemen, this match has gone the distance. Your winner by unanimous decision out of the red corner, Lucas Lea. And there it is. Lucas Lero from Atsos Jiujitsu gets the win. I think that was a very fair decision. a lot more submission attempts that Lucas had. It was a very chippy match, but those attacks definitely made for that decision. We're going to kick things over to Kendall Rusing for a word with our winner. Lucas Lero, congratulations on your win here on your Who's number one debut. What were you thinking walking out to these mats for the first time? Feeling proud of myself, you know, with everything that uh went in my life recently and the journey itself, you know, nine years training. Uh I think all to be here, all to be in the big stage and to finally get my debut going. It's uh it's definitely a moment to be proud of myself, proud of my team, proud of my wife, proud of the work that I've been putting on. Yeah. Tell us a little bit about We've got, you know, we got the champion fit here on the left. We got against all odds clearly making a statement coming out. against all odds coming and getting a big win. That's got to feel amazing. Yeah, not a big win, right? A big win would be with a inside heel hook like I had planned in my in my mind, but that was tough, you know, has a wrestling background. All props to him uh for defending well. I would say that this is the 50% Lucas Lero that you guys are seeing here in the mats today. Not that I haven't prepared myself, but like I said in the press conference yesterday, I've been training mainly with white and blue belts, but uh I have a big support behind my back. uh, Professor Andre and Angelica in San Diego. Uh, the ATS headquarter teams, uh, they always support me. So, I'm sure for my next who's number one, I'm going to properly go to San Diego and get a camp going with the guys there. And I'm sure I'm going to be able to get more submissions for you guys. And yeah, Champion fit is what makes me have the discipline and uh, the work ethic to be training hard every day. Uh, keeps me out of injuries. Yourself did a hard workout this morning, right? How was it, man? It was amazing. Maggie Maggie kicked our butts for sure. I do I do that six times a week. I train six times a week champion fit. And now finally I have some mats that I'm laying out in our space there in Miami and I've been training jiu-jitsu. But it's just going to get better. You guys are going to see a much better version of myself uh in the next fight hopefully. So if that was 50% and we're looking at 100, is there anybody you want to bring that 100% to in particular? Yeah, definitely. Uh there is a couple of names that I would like to fight. Yesterday in the press conference I said that my ultimate goal is to eventually in the future fight for the title. Uh but I know that I'm not even close to there yet. So uh I lost a close match. I believe he's here. Pedro Hosa I lost to him at Noi Pence. I know he is here. Uh he's here in Texas. His gym is here. I have a lot of respect for him. He was able to submit me in a match that I was winning. So I would love to run that one back. Uh he's a tough fighter. I know that he's preparing for Oliver Taza now at UFC fight pass. So I would love to get this match going here who's number one. I know that he's ranked number 10 in the world right now at full grappling 205. If he wants to fight 195, 205, whatever the weight is. I just want to get that rematch going and you better accept it. That's it. All right, let's hear it one more time for our champion, Lucas Lero. Congratulations. Congrats. All right, guys. We're going to take a quick little break and then we'll be returning with our final undercard match of the night where we will see Achilles Rosha against Cameron Couch. Big Comfy they call him. There he is. Achilles Rosha the first Hosa family member for tonight. We'll be right back guys. Ladies and gentlemen, you see on the screen tonight's who's number one is presented by Defense Soap. Now the official soap and body wipe of Flow Grappling, protecting you for over 15 years. Defend what you have built. Ladies and gentlemen, this next bout takes place in the who's number one light heavyweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He has a who number one record of one win, no losses. He stands six feet tall, weighing in 203.2 pounds, fighting out of VRMA by way of fight sports in Hollywood, Florida. Achilles Roacha. Achilles Rosha makes his return to who's number one. This young man had an impressive first match at Who's Number One in the past and the first of the fighting Hosa family here on Who's Number One 23 tonight. Yeah, he's exciting to watch. Just goes, he just goes for it. Very talented. And his opponent fighting out of the red corner with a record of one win, no losses. He stands 5' 11 in tall, weighing in 190 lbs, fighting out of team bowler in Dallas, Texas. Cameron Couch, they call him Big Comfy. He ran right out to the mat fighting out of Dallas, Texas, representing Bowler. He's got actually a win in who's number one over Isaiah Wright. This is going to be a scrap, Sean Williams. It is. You can't sleep on couches wrestling, man. You really will put your feet over your head. All right, let's take a look at this light heavyweight tail of the tape. Achilles, 17 years old, 6' 203.2 lb. Camera couch, 33 years old, 5'11, 190 lb. [Music] Here we go. Let's go. Cameron with a nice double leg attempt right into the arm bar of Achilles Hosa. Achilles has the arm extended. Is he going to submit? Cameron couch. Beautiful submission by Achilles Hosa. Oh my god, that was insane. That's Wow. I couldn't even say it. I mean that that's where Achilles will just throw everything at you. And beautiful double leg right into a deep arm lock. We've been buzzing about Achilles for this very reason. [Music] Wow. What a submission by this young man. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, that is bad respect to camera couch. Big, comfy, super nice guy. Let's take a look at that replay. Beautiful double leg. get it elevated but get caught right in that arm bar with the over hook as he rolled over. Achilles doubled up, went all in and extended that arm. Yeah, he's able to take advantage of that really well and actually recovered in from a nice position to to secure that thing. Had his leg in the middle and recovered so well. All right, let's kick things over to Kendra with the workflow winner. Congratulations on not only a submission victory, but we just got the official word that it is the fastest submission in who's number one history. That's got to feel really good. That's really cool. Like I did not expect that at all. I had like I had the plan to go for a flying armbar, but you know that was a maybe. I didn't think I was going to get it. But So it was the plan or it wasn't the plan? The plan was to go for it, but not necessarily. Yeah. You know, it's either a hit or miss, but luckily I caught it and hopefully it looked really cool. I haven't seen it yet, but let's go. There was definitely a I mean, if luck is the word, you got a lot of it tonight. So, this is an incredible night for the HOSA family, and we we have you come out, start things off with the bang. I can imagine that backstage or in your corner, your family is feeling pretty good. I think, you know, definitely making jiu-jitsu history. the first time we've had three people from the same family on one who's number one show. That's it's crazy to think about, you know, my dad, me, my sister all here on the highest level. It's just it's an awesome experience and an even better memory. So, after tonight, any big ideas that you have for who's number one? I mean, we have got to have you back on this stage after that electrifying submission. You know, I always call people out, but I never actually get to fight. I don't have anybody in mind. I want someone that's ranked, you know, top 10, top 15. I want to get my name out there and start being seen some more. Looking to break into the rankings and definitely welld deserved. Let's give another huge round of applause to our champion Achilles Hosa. Beautiful submission. Beautiful win by Achilles Hosa. This is the end of the undercard. Free on social media on Flow Grappling as well, guys. For the rest of the main card here at Who's 123, you're going to have to go to flowgrappling.com. This card is absolutely stacked. You have no reason if you're a grappling fan not to be a subscriber. And we have more events coming up on Flo's schedule, which we'll be announcing very soon. So, that is the end of the free broadcast. Go to flowgraphic.com/signup. Get your subscription today. We'll be back shortly for the main car. Don't go anywhere, guys. and we'll be right back. Tonight's who's number one is presented by Destination Jui-Jitsu. Win a free all-inclusive epic jiu-jitsu retreat with worldclass instructors in Turks and Caos. Just scan the QR code here and fill out the form to enter to win. Details are at destinationj.com. our grand prize winner