Kind: captions Language: en Live from beautiful Austin, Texas, home of worldclass barbecue and the city that's quickly becoming the mecca of submission grappling. We are here at the Palmer Event Center for who's number one 24 Gordon Ryan versus Josh Saunders. Hello everyone, Ricardo Amado here with Mr. Shawn Williams once again for another stacked who's number one event. And Sean, we keep saying this is the best who's number one ever, but I think tonight is the best who's number one ever. Yeah. Well, you just keep making them better. I mean, it's it's WO keeps getting better. Um, this thing is stacked from top to bottom, undercard all the way through. Um, has just potential fireworks and and not not even just like two people just completely chaotic, but just every match is intriguing. Some are going to be super exciting as far as speed. Some are going to be super exciting. It's like the stylistic matchups are just going to be crazy. Super exciting. Yeah, we have awesome matchups, stylistic matchups. We know there's a lot of title implications. There's title belts up for grabs. We got four cards, four matches on the undercard. We got eight matches on the main card. One of the biggest cards in who's number one history. Not just in terms of talent, but in terms of actual number of matches. A lot of bang for your buck here. So, talking about the matches, of course, the king, he's back. Gordon Ryan, he's back on who's number one. It's been some time. Of course, we, you know, he's had some issues with his health, but thankfully he has returned. We saw him compete at Pat against Patrick Gaio at the Night of Champions. Obviously, Gordon, the standout at ADCC. Um, you know, it's been some time since we've seen him. He recently called us, wanted to get back on the Who's Number One stage, and here he is against a giant of a man. Yeah, you got Saunders is a humongous human being, which which is going to be obviously he's an athlete. So, that's going to pose some problems for Gordon right away is just the athletic nature of of of Josh. But, but again, he's going to have to not only be out phys out be more physical, but he's got to be match that technic and also the tactics and the strategy that Gordon Ryan brings to the matches. And he's a genius on that level. So, he's really got his work cut out for him. Great test for both guys. As you said, Gordon Ryan coming back from a long layoff, health issues, great test for him, huge test for Josh Sanders here. Heavyweight title up for grabs in the main event with Gordon Ryan. But in the co-main event, I we like to call this one the people's main event because we got Diego PO, the champ against one of the most exciting competitors in the sport today, Fabricio Andre. Both these guys have competed before. They both did the trials in Brazil. Of course, we see PO, he's got that submission win over Dante Leon. Not many people can say that, but Pau stepped up in his weight division to fight Dante. Submitted Dante, and then you see Fabricio Andre, the human highlight machine, just going at it at the ADCC trials in Brazil. This one's got fireworks written all over it. Yeah, it's you're exactly right. A human highlight machine is a good example. They both could be human highlight machines, just that the the focus on each individual is a little bit different. PO heavy heavy heavy on the legs. You got Fabricio Andre that just is super exciting on the feet, really well verssed in and takedowns as well as his upper body submission game. So really interesting clash of styles. I believe that Styles will have an impact on this match. So it's incredible matchup. So we we talk about titles up for grabs. That's for the 145 belt. We are also crowning a new champion at 185. The title was vacated, but the people's champ Jacob Couch is going against Jonath Gracie. It was supposed to be Francisco Low. He got injured, but Jonath Gracie really really worthy opponent. Um, Gracie coming off two big wins over JROD, Nikki Ryan, and you know, Jacob Couch. Jacob Couch has competed in more who's number ones, I think, than anyone out here. This kid's a machine. People love him. you know, he has a lot of submissions, but he's got to watch out for the backtaking and, you know, position game of Jonath Gracie. Yeah, that's exactly right. And um if if you really haven't followed Jonadas Grace because you may not some of the Wino audience may not remember who he is and he is world class, right? But he's going to have to defend an onslaught of leg attacks from Jacob Couch. Jacob Couch. Uh I wouldn't say he's got this huge arsenal, but what he is good at, he is very good at. And it is he will throw it at you over and over and over and over and over from close guard into the into the false rea and and he's going to have to stay away from that is Junas Gracie. On the flip side, he's he gets his hands locked. So will the closeness that he has from the standup play right into Jacob Couch's game? I don't know. We're going to find out. But what a great matchup. Again, stylistically such an intriguing matchup. So, it's going to be simply great. Yeah, they haven't fought before. They're finally making this match happen here at Who's Number One. I can't wait to see it. And it's for the title. But not just title matches. We have an amazing main card. Let's take a look at the rest of the matches of tonight's who's number one. Of course, we mentioned Gordon Ryan versus Josh Saunders in the main event. Po versus Fabricio Andre in the co-main event. Jacob Couch versus Jonathus Gracie in the other title bout. Then we got the big man Victor Ugle who was originally supposed to be facing Luke Griffith is now facing the Noki openweight world champ sorry Noki heavyweight world champion Javier Zeruski. We also got Titan Dalpra versus JRod. The match that everyone's been buzzing about. We got Adele Forino come making her comeback against Anna Rodriguez who's making her who's number one debut. Elijah Dorsy faces off against Joseph Chen and Ethan Krellstine versus DeAndre Corbin. In our undercard, we are going to have our featured undercard match will be Felipe Costa, local favorite here against Declan Moody, Lauren Sears will face off against Taylor Hishaw, Jordan Holi versus Andrew Degraphth, and Alli Wolski versus Natalia Santoro. So, as we mentioned, you know, just an absolute stacked card. If you're watching right now, you're watching it for free on the flow grappling website or on social media. Uh, just to let you know, after the undercard's done, you got to get a Flow subscription to watch the main card. And come on, 80CC's coming up. You got who's number one 24. You got tons of events on Flow. It's worth it. We all know that. Anyways, guys, listen. A stack tonight, stack night of action. We got some of the best grapplers in the world. And you know, one of the things that makes Who's Number One so special is the Who's Number One rule set. This is a submissiononly rule set with a twist. So, we're gonna have a little explanation on the rules by our very own Reed Connell. Let's kick it away over to you, Reed. Welcome to Who's Number One, the premier proving ground for the world's best grapplers. And now, right here on this very stage, two grapplers will enter. and only one will leave victorious. All matches are 15 minutes in length except we're otherwise noted with no points, no advantages, and no interruptions, just elite competitive grappling. There are two ways to win. The first is of course the most preferred by submission. And here at Who's Number One, all submissions are legal. heel hooks, arm bars, twisters, and beyond, the world's best have all the tools at their disposal. And if at any point either competitor taps, the match is over. But if there isn't a submission, we will rely on three neutral side judges to determine a winner. Their decision will be based on our who's number one judging criteria, which is unique to this match. Now, above all, we are looking for aggression. That means never taking a backwards step and moving forward at all costs. We're looking for dangerous submission attacks. That means attempts that will result in a near submission. Okay? Leave your 50/50 ankle locks at home. We don't need them. And if it doesn't result in a reaction or a hyperextension, they simply won't count. And finally, positional control. That means guard passes, mount, back takes, anything that leads to positional dominance. The match will be judged in its entirety, and the person with the better display of effective grappling skill will get their hand raised. The referee is also neutral and does not take part in the judg's decisions. His role is purely to control the action on the mat and reset the action should it go out of bounds. This is Elite Grappling Competition at its purest form. A showcase for the world's best grapplers on the world's biggest stage. Just the best fighting the best. It's the only way to truly find out who's number one. We are ready to go. Allow me to welcome you to who's number one 24 here in Austin, Texas. How are we feeling? We are in the lion's den of grappling and jiujitsu with the ADCC's less than two months away. Many competitors here will be there. You get your first shot here tonight. 12 contests coming your way here from the Palmer Event Center. Our first preliminary, it will be nine minutes in length. We start in the blue corner out of New Wave here in Austin, Texas. Natalia Santoro. Natalia Santoro. We've seen her in the corner of Gordon Ryan many times and other athletes of New Wave, but she's finally making her way to the who's number one match today. Yeah. And she's been training for quite some time. So, uh, and side by side, uh, against the world's best. So, um, expect her to bring nothing less. her opponent in the red corner from the B team right here in Austin, Ally Wolski. Ally Wolski finally makes her debut here at Who's Number One. She was actually supposed to compete a year ago, broke her leg, finally recovered, and she is here in action representing the B team. Yeah. and also a a very talented young lady as I've watched her footage. All right, let's take a look at this flyaway tale of the tape. Ali Walsski, 26 years old, 5'3, weighed in at 126 lbs. Natalyia Santoro, 35 years old, 5'3, weighed in at 121.6 lb. We're going to kick things over to our referee Gabriel for the match to begin. Just a ankle adjustment here and we're going to kick things off in this opening b. What a way to kick things off if who's number one 24. We got to battle UA versus P team in the first match. So, this should be interesting. Let's go. Natalia Santoro full red outfit. Ali Wolski quickly pulling guard working that inside control. Of course, this is a 9minute match as it's an undercard match. We'll be having every three minutes you'll be hearing the judges favor. which indicates if the match goes through decision at that moment who the judges are favoring to win. It's not judged as rounds per se, but uh just to let you know who's winning so far in the judges opinion. We talk about Natalya Santoro. She's uh she says she's one of the world's world famous UK's being an instructional videos for Gordon Ryan and student of John Danner for many many years. So very cool to see her make her debut here. Who's number one? Yeah, she got to watch that left leg a little bit because double inside ties for Alli here. Yeah, now she's in. She's looking for a counter heel hook. She's got a heel hook both. Yeah, that that was on for a minute there. Natala had a good heel hook. A good bite on the heel. She's got to get above the knee a little bit. Stop. There's a nice bite on the heel. Well defended. Yeah, Ali's first attack looked tight and then Natalia was able to spin right out and get a bite of her own and attack right away. We are here live from Austin, Texas. And a soldout crowd here at the Palmer Event Center who's number 124. Natalyia inverting a little bit trying to showcase her guard. So now we got to watch this top leg. That left leg balances with a scissor style sweep. And on the leg again, use that to come to the top. Natalia putting the pressure on. Ali doing a great job of controlling that heel to really kind of turn Natalyia's knee out to not let her get that knee cut position. Yeah, you can see that's a good shot of it there using it to try to open up that leg. It's probably possibly to pummel her other leg inside and start to work on an attack there. She doesn't look like she's trying to in invert an inside roll so much. Just trying to open the knee off balance to get either on the other leg or to both get both the other leg sneaking inside there. Nice rolling kamura attempt there by Natalyia. All does not seem to be phased by that. She's up and going to go. Good posture now. Yeah, she was able to bend her arm and keep her safe from pretty early on there. All doing a great job of getting Natalya to her back, not letting her get that seated position or trying to prevent her from that seated position. There it is again. Trying to force her to her back to look for some passing attempts. Nice little arm drag attempt there by Natalyia. Yeah, she still has it. She had it still dragged over when the both hooks came in. That that's good for arm dragging because it gives you so many options. Judge's favor. Blue Italia up so far in the judge's favor. Got another attack here outside. Asharami. Let's see if she can get expose the heel. Tries to roll through. Still looking for that heel. Tries to stack. Great job by Ali Wolski defending this attempt here. Really trying to separate and open up those legs. Escapes that attack. Yep. Nice attack. Nice defense. Yeah, I mentioned it earlier. She was Ally was supposed to compete about a year ago and she broke her leg skateboarding. So I I prohibited her from using the skateboard once we signed this match. Jeez. Nice sweep by Ali Wolski. Wasn't able to establish the top position, but nonetheless, definitely a nice mental uh win over there. Natalyia with a nice little rolling kimora attempt once again. Yeah, tripod sweep. Such a powerful sweep, but sometimes if you send them too far away, lose connection. You lose connection. No ghee especially, right? It's uh it's a bit tougher on an arm here. She's trying to go upside down. Ty needs to get on the inside of that. That's arm block by Wolski there. Beautiful submission and Ali Wolski gets her first submission victory at who's number one. Beautiful setup with that arm. Yeah, she went over thread the leg through and Natalya's arm was straight. So late on the defense on couldn't get the hand behind the knee. Tried to roll out of it. [Music] Yeah, that was uh that was very impressive. Was that was that with the choy bar? That's the choice bar. The chroy bar. It's a former student of mine. The chroy bar. Just waiting for the official verdict here. The official decision via submission out of the red corner. Alli Wolski. What an impressive win by Alli Wolski. Beautiful arm bar. Set it up with that choy bar attempt and then got rolled Natalia over and was able to get beautiful finish. Let's take a look at the replay here. Debut for both of these young ladies. We saw earlier leg lock attempt from Ali Wolski. Natali was able to counter and attack with some submission attempts of her own. Nice try on the rolling kamura. There's that tripod sweep. Here's the Troy bar going through legs all the way threaded over and she just got extended. So she was not able to roll through. Did could no hitchhiker follow up was on the bottom hip there. So she got caught in a very tight spot. All right, guys. Don't go anywhere. We'll come up with our next match. Got our next match coming up. Sorry. It is a lightweight bout between Andrew Degraphth and Jordan Holley. Don't go anywhere, guys. We will be right back. Our next preliminary bout is in the lightweight division. Out of the blue corner representing New Wave and Nova Jiujitsu in Austin, Texas. Originally from Lewisburg, West Virginia, Andrew Degraphth. Andrew Degraph from New Wave Jiu-Jitsu, also a teacher at Nova Jiu-Jitsu, now training here in Austin, Texas. Makes his who's number one debut. Yeah, just a young 18 years old. So, um I know he's talented on the late game, but he'll have his hands full here with Jordan Holley. So, good test for him. His opponent in the red corner representing Holy Grail and the B team out of Victoria, Texas, Jordan Holy. Jordan Holy makes his long- awaited Who's Number One debut from Victoria, Texas, representing Holy Grail jiu-jitsu. This guy was doing leg locks here in Texas before anyone was. Well, he's certainly good at them. So, uh he's got usually uses ties up both legs when he attacks. So, well, we we'll be looking for that. All right, let's take a look at this lightweight tail of the tape. Jordan Holy, 33 years old, 5'7, weighed in at 155.4 4 lb. His opponent, Andrew Degraphth, 18 years old, 5'6, 150.8 lb, sets. And this is where Holy likes. He attacks legs from the top a lot. And uh I'm a big fan of that. I always say attacking legs from the top is easier than attacking from the bottom. Um it's easier to keep knee lines in. It's you get get better bites. Um but he's on the legs one after the other. But here comes the graph. Now it's his turn. Yeah, I've been seeing Jordan compete for a long time. This guy's especially in the noi circuit. Uh you know, he's just been very very dominant. He's fought some of the best in the world. I believe he's competing this weekend tomorrow as well. And Andrew Degraph just been hearing a ton about this young man now training at uh got new wave jiu-jitsu. Got to watch this counter foot lock. That's on pretty good right there. He's instead of pulling, he's got to push away. He's going to try to untie the grip, but you cannot leave your foot hanging out there. That is a smart move to roll out of that. But here he goes again. You know, Holius on on the leg again. Attacking from the top is is usually much easier to get real bites on the leg, but you can sacrifice top position if it all goes wrong. So again, he's doing a good job of holding both legs. Now the graph trying to work over that leg there. He was going to try to counter foot lock. Just based on the pace of these young men, it feels like we're going to get another submission here. Sean Williams. Yeah, they're in a shootout right now. Both guys really working to get the legs. Holy on this leg. Let's see if he can suck up the other leg. Got that short hook on that left side. Graph hands posted. You got to watch that sideways AIO style foot lock when you start to slide your leg out there. He's trying it. Belly down. Now Degraphth got in momentarily with that cross heel hook. But legs out 6 minutes 40 seconds left in this match. Going to start things back on the feet. Be interesting to see if Jordan pulling guard right away. Lower. He's got a great under hook on the right side does the graphic. He puts his head up. Nope. He just left his head low. He He had great position with that under hook to really get some forward drive in that pass. Now we'll see how his tight spot style passing him. Clear the knee line. Get over the knee line on the left side and then face the hips. He's going to try to knee cut through. He's trying to pummel that left leg on top of the knee cut. Still looking for a leg attack. But and this this is judg's favor. Red Jordan Holly gets the first judge's favor. Once again, that does not mean it's being judged like a round. It's just if the match goes to a decision, the judges would be favoring Jordans. Thus far, here Gordon Ryan in the corner of of Andrew calling for more offensive attacks. starting to pick up the pace a little bit. Nice little arm drag attempt off that weave. It's interesting Jordan sat back for that ankle, but sets up beautiful position there. Controlling the opposite leg, too. And that's having both legs is such a good idea because it gives you a lot of time to work on one leg. You can control both. Gives you time to reap the leg. Couldn't get his legs reaped. He went to the outside position. Um, so Now the graph is going to have to put the foot on the floor or get the knee to the ground. Needs to control the inside leg so there's no movement inside that leg. Holy's left leg. Holy trying to scoot his hips out of that position there. Graph needs to fix his left leg. We see him loop it right over into the middle just to Here's that counter foot lock again on it with that turn. I think this match has been about 75% leg attacks. I mean both both of these gentlemen are really well verssed in the legs. I mean they're having a battle royale. If if you're not intelligent on the legs, either one of these two guys will gladly take your foot off and lose very quickly. But both doing a good job of pummeling and keeping the legs free and straight line. Yeah. Got the short hook which can really bring a lot more pressure. You can see the graph's trying to take that short hook out. Good. Just a tiny bit too far away is Hol's leg for Degraph. Just a little low again. You can really see Holy going after that counter. He's doing a good job. Like the little arm drag that the graph showed a little earlier from that weave position. Nice little short guillotine attempt there. Judge's favor. Red Jordan with another judge's favor here. So I think Andrew this uh may have sparked something under him and I think he's going to be attacking a little bit more now. He has to surely. But Jordan's got this like this unique game where he just keeps sitting back and setting up that that ankle, that straight ankle, wrapping up both legs, but he's not really progressing in position. Even he is winning in the judge's favor, but uh be interesting to see if he changes up the strategy for the rest of this match. sitting again trying to get the AIO style foot lock here. Not aging. See if he can get his knee to the floor. Get it in and get some under hooks going on. Push uh he can either push Hol's legs off to this left side or turn. just trying. Oh, he's doing a good job of He's not holding on to his knee long enough to grab good job of staying on that left hip. See Abigail Holy in the corner of uh this match up here, daughter of Jordan. There the graphs running around. Love this approach uh to get all the way around to the north south and see what the person on the bottom really has in for wrestling. If he has no single legs and this is a great approach. It just takes time before you pass. If you if you're smart with the legs on top and you get yourself there, the forehead should go right on the belly button. Grass forehead should spear the belly button as he gets the north south and he can slowly wear down someone that is unable to go to a single foot lock battle again. Looks like he's got a had a toe hold in there trying to get back to the heel hook is Holy. 30 seconds left in this leg lock battle between Andrew Degraph and Jordan Holley here at who's number 124. Jordan gets to mount. 11 seconds left. Looking to finish here, smothering his opponent. [Applause] And that is it. Time is expired. Jordan Holley wins potentially. I think it's uh safe to say he's going to get this match with a dominant performance like that. Props to Andrew Degraphth though. This young man's got a ton of potential. Very young. So, but yeah, I think uh I think it's safe to say that Jordan is going to walk away right away, especially with that that uh last minute mount just showing dominant control there, dominant position, but it was all about the leg locks the entire match. Yeah, there was that counter leg lock. That was very nice. And we've got Graph trying to to pass, but Holy able to maintain both controlled both the legs. And then finally in the end there, body lock into the mount. Degraph just kind of took the pedal, took the foot off the pedal. Yeah. Yeah. Once uh you know, Jordan mounted and he was smothering a little bit. He was getting a little nasty there, but it's not illegal. Yeah, that's right. [Applause] The winner via decision out of the red corner, Jordan Holley. Jordan Holy gets the win by a decision. Great debut for this young man. Long awaited Who's Number One debut. Props to Andrew Degraph for an impressive match as well. leg lock battle here at who's number 124. Guys, don't go anywhere. We're going to take another commercial break and then coming up next is a flyweight bout between Taylor Hishaw and Lauren Sears. We'll be right back, guys. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] heat. Go down. Go. Our next preliminary match is in the flyweight division. First out of the blue corner representing the B team here in Austin, Texas, Taylor Hyshaw. Taylor Taylor Aisha makes her whose number one debut. This young lady is from Oklahoma. Flies here to Austin, Texas every day to train here at the B team. Is ranked not only in flow grappling but also flow wrestling. We see you, Taylor. Yeah, that's that's incredible. A very talented young lady here. Taylor is also a mixed martial artist in the red corner out of 10th planet here in Austin. Lauren Sears. Lauren Sears makes her Who's number one return here at WNO 24. All right, let's take a look at this flyweight tail of the tape. Lauren Sears, 34 years old, 5'2, weighed in at 125.8 lb. Uh Taylor Hishaw, 17 years old, 5'3, 125 lbs. So Taylor was daring Lauren to stand up with her. She said she's probably going to pull guard just like she did. She said, "No problem. Just going to pass." She's coming through with a knee to the middle right now. Needs to push away and get that right foot back in all the way over the arms and into the middle. Once again guys, Ricardo Amadullia with Mr. Shawn Williams calling the action here at Who's 124 all night long. We got Taylor Hishaw on the top of Lauren Sears, one of our prelim matches. This is our third prelim matches here on the free card on the free uh social media stream. Don't forget, you got to tune in on flowgppling.com. You got to be a subscriber to watch the main card and that'll be coming up shortly. Sears is good. Should really keep that wrist control. She had it. Uh that's a very important battle there on this side. Here's that her right wrist. Taylor has actually only been training jiu-jitsu less than five years, maybe four or five years. And is, you know, she competes regular in mixed martial arts. Jiu-Jitsu is just kind of one facet of the training, but as I mentioned, very well accomplished wrestler. Um, also does grappling tournaments. Lawrence Sears has a ton of experience coming up from one of Austin, Texas's best biggest and best schools, 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu. Now she's in tight here. the lever to your right side. Not seeing it here, but Taylor's father was telling me how much she likes that body lock pass. So, you know that she's comfortable in the top position, especially with the wrestling background. Lauren doing a great job of recovery here as well. Yeah, she did. Taylor can keep creeping around that side her that left arm. You saw how it was dominating that Sears's right leg as she circled now to that right side. That's a good idea. dominate the far leg when you run around. It makes it very difficult for them to face you. Sears is up. So, let's see here. Taylor gets seen her do some some she's really great wrestler so it's going to be fun to see if she really starts to move Sears around looking for doubles here tries a dropping arm lock very nice try she got in deep on the arm can't see from this angle nice if you had the other angle here but that is something we've actually never seen here at who's number one kind of that dropping arm bar yeah she sat well initially I inverting right knee inverting right knee right into the leg lock to I remember the first time I ever saw that judges favor blue Taylor gets the first judge's favor mentioning that dropping Armar right to the knee bar that was a Ramina special back in the day came to Canada in 97 took home the Canadian national championships all the way from Japan all right back to the action here Tyler sneaking that left leg in. That's a good idea. That's going to let her step over the leg on the right side and start to pass, but it'll keep her leg protected from scoops nonetheless. Trying to stay on this arm. Probably swings. There it goes. Swings the arm the leg over. Tries to thread it through. Another choy bar. I like the foot on the hip. That's I like this much better than threading your leg through. It's so much stronger to pull the arm out first in a kamura and then remove your right leg. You don't need to thread your leg through, but it's much stronger to put the foot on the hip and then pull. But right now, she's got a good grip on the leg entanglement. And Sears cannot let herself go all the way flat. That's not what you want. You want to have that foot on the hip so you can pull the arm away from the grip. If she gets too much inverted, then she'll she'll have almost have to go into the leg. She'll start to lose that arm. But she still could get it. The foot goes to the hip and pushes hard enough. Still has a kamura grip. She's getting this a little bit stacked up now. That top leg is starting to get weaker and weaker. There's a leg followup unless Taylor staples the leg down with that her left leg. If she staples on top of that leg in the middle, there'll be no leg followup. But four minutes to work. Four minutes to work. Less than four minutes to go in this undercard match. Taylor Hishaw on top of Lauren Sears here at who's number 124. Little bit of a stalemate here. Yeah, if sir. Yeah, when she yanks out of this, that's the time to go for the legs, which she follow. You know, we talk about the experience. You see it really see a very calm Lawrence here on the bottom just recovering guard. Okay, Taylor escapes. She just recovers guard again. Just doing very fluid motions to try to control from the bottom position. Taylor put a tie on pressure on top. Getting a little cradle action there. She'll move over the front head arm. Front head works to the back. Let's get a hook in. It's defended. This changes the match completely. Yeah. So, Sears either needs to roll through the middle or bring her get her hips out. One of the two. Hips out to the left. There she goes. Or roll through the middle. Can't stop halfway though. She's got to continue to go all the way through. Turtle to the guard. It looks like for a split second Taylor is looking for that arm just for a sec. Oh, picks it up. Slaps on the rear. Make a choke. Does Taylor Hishaw. She might be able to rotate out of this. Sears gets to her side. Yeah, she was able to get out of the strangle but not out of the back control. Body lock position by Taylor. Trapping that bottom arm. Just looking to put that right hand right on the jawline. Less than two minutes to go. Taylor's in a great position. She's got the body triangle. What should Lauren be doing to try to escape this body triangle, Sean? Yeah, the So, her head is free. The hands are one. So, she's got to get this right leg underneath that leg. So, your hip has to get past the heel. That's really what you're trying to do. The hip gets past that heel. That's a that belt line hook heel and then you're free. You can really turn hard. But hand fighting is first. And now she's getting all tangled up here on the upper body. Yeah, this is risky. Taylor looked like she was motioning for the arm or possibly a triangle, but goes back to that body triangle once again. Wants to recover that back control position. Taylor dominating in this match here. Now she's out now. Warren doing a great job. We talked about the experience. Borne has it. Recovers the half guard. Escaped the body triangle. She's got to start working here. Yeah. And now we see Taylor looking for that near side under hook here. Trying to pummel the near side under hook. Settles for a head arm, which is still credible. Trying to know. Now she's trying to Ezekiel choke. Noi. She's trying to smother both. Back to the head arm right now. Sears has the lock down or the inside scorpion, what you're going to call it. So that'll keep that can keep the hips down, right? It's one thing that near side under hook can really do is take let you move down and kill that, but she doesn't need it. Less than 30 seconds to go. Cut past the guard here. Trying to get a reaction to go for the arm, I believe, is what she's trying to do. The smother flying triangle attempt in the closing seconds and that is it. Very dominant match by Taylor Hishaw. Another decision but what a technical display by this young lady. Let's take a look at that replay. Deceated arm bar attack right into the leg. Taylor was able to eventually escape and get top position. Worked to the back. You see the hooked in went for a rear naked choke. Really aggressive there. Final seconds with that flying triangle attempt, but that was it. We're going to go to the judges here for the official decision. Your winner via decision out of the blue corner, Taylor Highaw. Blowing kisses to the crowd is Taylor. She wanted to be seen on Flo grappling and I think she just did that. Congratulations to this young lady. an impressive who's number one debut. All right, guys. We will we will be coming right back with our final undercard match, our featured undercard match, Felipe Costa versus Declan Moody, Battle of ADCC Trials winners. Don't go anywhere, guys. We will be right back. [Music] Our next preliminary match is in the heavyweight division. Fighting out of the blue corner from the B team and M16 here in Austin, Declan Moody. Declan Moody makes his who's number one debut representing the B team. Yeah, very talented. Looked great in the trial run that he had. Um so excited to see this guy perform today. his opponent out of the red corner out of six blades here in Austin. Felipe Costa Felipe Lia Costa has got the crowd going nuts behind Williams. He sure does. They love him here. So, No. [Applause] All right, let's take a look at this heavyweight tail of the tape. Felipe Costa, 24 years old, 6'3, weighing in at 219 lbs. Declan Moody, 27 years old, 6'2, weighed at 227 lbs. This is the battle of Brazil and 80 and Oceanana trials 80cc winners. Let's kick it over to Gabriel to get things started. Both of these guys very explosive. Uh, this one's got a lot of people excited, especially here in Austin where Felipe Costa I think brought half the city of Austin. That's why we're sold out here tonight. Yeah, I'm excited to see this one. Both are very high level that punch tried to punch the the the wrist through to Moody to try to slide through. Both both heavyweights, both very different physiques. Moody is a as a big dude, very similar to like almost like a combination of Nikki Rod and Josh Saunders, you know what I mean? And Fabio a little, you know, a little bit more softer, but a big aggressive competitor. And, you know, he's been itching for a who's number one debut. We're finally able to make it happen on the same card as Victor Hugo later tonight. Yeah, both of these heavyweights move like little guys. Yes, they move very good on the movement with wellversed in the bottom langia which means little orange. It's his nickname on the bottom of declining to pass quite a bit. working first delever inverted dele see how he took the he shelled out for a single should go to a single now nice hop over by oh that was risky back take attempt to head and arm and as he escapes, but Moody is in the mount position now. Yeah, he's got that near side under hook. He should just keep walking to his left here. Use his left hand to push down the knee and walk right under the mount. Just walk, walk, walk. That's He's in excellent position and he should walk to his left and just use the hand to push down. He doesn't even need that hook. Now onto the north south. And great movement. Moody is looking fantastic right now. Moody gets to the back, hooks in. Pic Costa's got to watch that neck. Yeah, he needs to get to flattened out here. Yeah, he's trying to get to his hip, which is the right thing to do. And that way you can sort of scrape your opponent off, but he's on the receiving end of what's looking like a rear naked strangle. Can't tell from the cam camera angle, but looks like Moody's arm is right around his neck. And you should turn again to the hip. There he goes. That's the right thing to do in my opinion. Take a lot less stress. As long as you're good on the hand fighting, you can get rid of the body triangle. Not going to be wear he's not wearing Moody's weight right now. Judges favor blue [Applause] for Moody ahead. in the judg's favor so far. The hand across the neck now. He lost the crossand defense. He's almost out. He's got his upper body free. If this hands He's missing that strangle hand, but he's still doing a great job. Yeah, there he goes. He's finally twisted out a little. great job of keeping his upper body free from under hooks as he was turning and was able to get back in the guard. Philip Costa now in the top position. We're going to see the guard of Declan Moody now. So, we'll see. Lumberjack balances. Can't capitalize. Waiter sweep. Excuse the half jack waiter sweep. Both of these young men had awesome campaigns in their ADCC trials run. Look at that inversion by the big man Declan Moody from the bottom. Costa untied everything right there and finds himself in a decent position here if he can get above the knee while keeping Moody flat. So there's the inversion into the leg going to come to the top. Oh, nice counter counter to the leg lock into an arm straight does Felipe Costa. Declamood is trying to escape. He needs a followup of this if he's losing his elbow. So, that one's tight for a second, but if it doesn't snap the arm quickly, you need to do your followup under the legs, etc., etc. [Applause] Nice little distance maker there. Absolutely. Nice little pump with that left leg. All about that that wrist right there. He's trying to get that wrist. That's such an important battle when people are passing this side. Especially with this kind of guard structure where you could bring the right leg back to the hip and Declan trying to get the pass. Felipe framing to prevent. Super impressed with Declan Moody today. This has been a really good match. Very well. Costa trying to get underneath. Moody uses the opportunity to pass. Judges favor blue. Death Moody up in the judge's favor. Cross side here. That left elbow all the way down to that bottom hip. A single post. That's [Applause] makes some space again. With the knee cut. He's got a nice position there. Nice under hook there. That's it. He He got that deep under hook quickly right there. Would not be surprised if he hops over the body again. Goes to the back again. Yeah, now it's going to be a top spin. It is top spin to the back just like Shawn Williams called the Man, you have this trend every time you fall in positions before they happen. It happens a lot here to his number one. So, just listen to Shawn Williams for the play. Certainly do my best. It's now he's going to put a half Nelson to break him down. Here comes the arm through. Now Costa did a great job here defending before. He's he's sort of Yep. kept turning on his hip. I can't see how the hand fighting's going for him, but he needs to free the upper body and then he can turn and rotate all the way through that. Got a hand across the face right now. But as long as he can keep that upper body free, he can keep turning, rotate all the way through one rotation and get out. Keep going. He keeps going. As long he wasn't able to scrape Moody off this time. Moody has an under hook and it's connected the hands there. The seat belt grip that's going to slow that down. Alex. That is it. Moody gets the submission. We couldn't see it from our angle, but got to the back, outworked Felipe Costa in this battle of big man. Got the submission. B team is now 3 and 0. Yeah. Yeah, that was that was a very impressive performance. I mean, from start to finish, Costa had some great defense in there, but let's take a look at that replay. Back take attempts by Declan Moody. Yeah, that was her early back take and there is where Costa was able to turn out of it. There was no upper body control and this is when he got reversed. Went to the plat tried that arm lock right there. This straight arm lock which goes on pretty quickly for a second but as soon as Moody was able to change the angle it went away. Oh, there's the finish. Was able to kind of twist the face to set up that right arm rear naked choke. Beautiful submission by Duck Moody. What a way to make your Who's Number One debut. Your official decision, your winner by submission in the blue corner, Declan Moody. Big win for Declan Moody representing the B team. What a way to make a who's number one debut with a submission over a deadly Felipe Costa. For those of you at home, just a reminder, that was the final match of the undercard or featured match of the undercard, but also the final match. Now, you're going to have to go to flowgrappling.com, get a subscription. We got an incredible stacked main card, eight matches on the main card from top to bottom. One of the greatest in prograppling history. But you need a flow grappling membership, guys. We got who's number one? We got ADCC, we got IBJF, everything on flowgrappling.com. So, you're going to need a subscription anyway to watch the best events all year round. Go to flowgraphling.com, subscribe, and you will watch the main card, which we will begin coming up shortly. Don't go anywhere, guys. We'll be right back. Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go Shadow Sh. Heat. Sh. Heat. Heat.