Kind: captions Language: en Yeah. Thank you. [Music] All right. Gaval, the young man from Manouse, one of the greatest pound-for-pound grapplers in the sport today. Pika may be the most exciting guy in the world. Anytime this young man competes in grappling, mustsee TV. [Music] Mika wants to be known as the Elvis Presley of jiu-jitsu. A guy that transcends generations. You've got to be so careful with Mika Galva. He is a submission sniper. Niko going around to the back. Both hooks in gets hooked behind it. Nika Gal is going for the finish. This kid is something special. Very hard to prepare for a young man like this, but you just don't know what he's going to do. He kind of does everything. This is Ma announcing this is the level I am at and you guys are all chasing me. Who can stop this man? And he's done it. He's the super duper uber grand champion. 20, 24, 100 years later, they're going to be like, "That was a year. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So now we're going to do the competition class uh jiu-jitsu only and some wrestling and then after get back home, rest a little bit and then do uh ice strength and conditioning. So chill Monday. Monday I think is my one of my favorite days of the week because I'm very well rested, you know. So, usually I have a very good drink session Monday. [Music] [Laughter] You say [Music] business. [Music] I think uh I'm at a place now where I think I face everybody now. So everybody either fights or trains with each other and I kind of do my own thing. So I ain't got no problems with anybody. We're all going to face each other eventually again. So let's just train and kind of like old school what Buché Chelandro Pegista were doing. I think that's that kind of vibe is coming back. Hey Ro, you want to be famous? Oh, number one pound for pound right here. So, today we're going to start drills, wrestling drills, and then after that, uh, we're going to do some specific training. Uh, right now in the phase of like training, a lot of specific and towards the fight, like we do more like sparring, like more live sparring, but right now I want to sharp his, uh, positioning um, in each situation, right? Okay, we're going to work in different situations and you'll see kind of look sharp. [Music] So, right now we have uh Angelo Pada. Uh he's over at Powe High School currently. He's a 2025 215 lb state champ. He's also top three in the country. So, right now the focus when we have an athlete like this in the room in Otto's helping our guys out, you know, I really want Kindan just to pick his brains right now. So, um, kind of just feeling it out. We have a really great room today. Uh, today's kind of going to be a think tank or like we're kind of just sharing, bouncing ideas off each other. [Music] Cuz I feel like in wrestling like you wrestling, you you have this the shoes like so every time I go here and I pass like more. Yeah. It's a little bit different. Yeah. So, it's different. So in jiu-jitsu I I like more like going back. It's harder for [Music] this. I'm using my whole forearm. So I'm I'm not I'm putting it right here. There he goes. I'm flicking. Definitely a big gap from uh the jiu-jitsu and the wrestling, but just be being able to mesh it together is crucial. just understanding the positions and and knowing where to put your body is fundamental. So, even though he's not a wrestler, his wrestling is elite and he's he's he's ready to go. So, it was fun um getting to wrestle with him and and seeing a different look. [Music] Kina is doing really well. He's getting better every day and I can't wait for the outcome of this fight. You know, I hope they can fight really well. You know, like I know Nikar Rod is incredible fighter. He's very talented. They both competed against each other as well, but I believe Nikar Rod like evolved so much lately. He's a very is a very dangerous opponent for sure. We did everything, you know, specifics, wrestling from top, bottom, leg entanglement, mounts, all specific training. But it was really good to go over like being in a good position, being in the bad position and technical rounds. It's feeling sharp. It was cool going back and forth. I I used to watch him a lot when I was younger, and now we fought twice before now. And yeah, I think uh he's going to do really good in in April for that. Who's on the one fight? [Music] This presentation of who's number one is presented by the official [Music] Grappling protecting you for over 15 years. Defend we built and mask by the official mat of love grappling. Experience the hybrid difference at dmer.com. And by Choju, the leader in combat sports nutrition. Choj's Restore is the first electrolyte supplement engineered for grapplers by grapplers. Live from Kalahari Resort in beautiful Round Rock, Texas. We're here for Who's Number One? 127. Rodriguez versus Dwarte. We have an exciting night of action. Once again, as we always do at Who's One, but the main event is the big one. That's the match the entire grappling world has been waiting to see. The battle of the CGI champion Nick Rodriguez against the ADCC champion Kynan Dwarte. Stacked card. Sean Williams, are you pumped or what? Oh yeah, man. This is going to be one of the greatest cards that WO uh has at W has made or at least potentially so especially that main event where both individuals come forward with equal skill sets just different technical abilities to utilize those skill sets. Well, we have the main event. We have a stacked main card. But before we get to the main card, let's take a look. Now, you see Kyn Dwarte. This is the main event. Obviously, Kyn Dwarte and Nick Rodriguez making their way to the venue. You see the focus and you had some funny moments in the press conference yesterday, but it was all intensity. And we're finally we're going to find out tonight who's number one. All right. Uh before the main event, obviously, we have the main card. We have the co-main event. Victor Ugo against Lick Luke Griffith. Some uh you know championship belt implications there potentially. But we also have a championship match. Elizabeth Clay versus Helena Cravar, Andrew Tacket versus Fabe Christian and Shanji Rivero the legend making a return against Richie Martinez, local Austin native. And we have Owen Jones versus Julian Espinosa kicking off the main card. Now, of course, we have an an amazing undercard full of local Austin talent. Taylor Highaw is going to be facing Trinity Pun, Ben Eddie against Josh Wyland, Colin Carr against Alan Mackenzo, and Chris Wchic against Michael Eskeivo. All right, guys. If you're watching the free show right now on the flow grappling website or social media, you know, you're going to be able to see the the opening four matches on the undercard, but to watch the main card. You got to subscribe to flowgrappling.com. And you know what? We're going to have a stacked year just in April. We have so many great events from around the world. So, you got to subscribe to flowgrappling.com. Don't delay. Subscribe today. Before we start today's action, we're going to kick things over to our very old, our very own Reed Connell to tell you about the Who's Number One rule set. And this is one of the elements that makes this event so special. Welcome to Who's Number One, the premier proving ground for the world's best grapplers. And now, right here on this very stage, two grapplers will enter. and only one will leave victorious. All matches are 15 minutes in length except we're otherwise noted with no points, no advantages, and no interruptions, just elite competitive grappling. There are two ways to win. The first is of course the most preferred by submission. And here at Who's One, all submissions are legal. heel hooks, arm bars, twisters, and beyond. The world's best have all the tools at their disposal. And if at any point either competitor taps, the match is over. But if there isn't a submission, we will rely on three neutral side judges to determine a winner. Their decision will be based on our who's number one judging criteria, which is unique to this match. Now, above all, we are looking for aggression. That means never taking a backwards step and moving forward at all costs. We're looking for dangerous submission attacks. That means attempts that will result in a near submission. Okay? Leave your 50/50 ankle locks at home. We don't need them. And if it doesn't result in a reaction or a hyperextension, they simply won't count. And finally, positional control. That means guard passes, mount, back takes, anything that leads to positional dominance. The match will be judged in its entirety, and the person with the better display of effective grappling skill will get their hand raised. The referee is also neutral and does not take part in the judge's decisions. His role is purely to control the action on the mat and reset the action should it go out of bounds. This is Elite Grappling Competition at its purest form. A showcase for the world's best grapplers on the world's biggest stage. Just the best fighting the best. It's the only way to truly find out who's number one. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the soldout Kalahari Resort Convention Center in Round Rock for who's number 127. Tonight, the world's best take the center of the mat to find out who's number one. If you are ready to get the undercard started, make some noise. [Applause] Our first bout takes place in the Who's number one bantamweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. She stands 5' 5 in tall, weighing in at 133.6 lbs. Fighting out of New Wave Jiujitsu in Austin, Texas, Trinity P. Trinity Punt makes her way to the who's number one stage. Yeah, very talented uh young lady here. Uh very good on the legs. I'd say she's that's her best skill set is the leg attack. So wouldn't be surprised she goes all in, but a really dedicated student of of my good friend John Tanaher. So very talented young lady. And introducing her opponent, fighting out of the red corner. She stands 5'2 in tall, weighing in at 135.4 lbs, fighting out of the B team in Austin, Texas. Taylor Highaw High is back here at Who's One and she wants vengeance. Yeah. And and she looked great her her outing here. She's actually it's a sort of a conflicting uh style matchup where uh Hyro's very good wrestler, very good on top, a lot of pressure. So, this will be exciting match. All right, let's take a look at this bantamweight tail of the tape. Taylor High 18 years old, 5'2, weighed in at 133.6 lb. Trinity Pond, 19 years old, 5'5, 5'5, weighed in at 135.4 lb. We're going to kick things over to our official Gabriel Martinez to begin the action here at who's number one? 27. All right, here we go. Sean Williams, our first match of the evening. Taylor Hisha, white rash guard, trinity punt, black rash guard. We talk about the guard player, lower leg attacks of Trinity Pun against the wrestling and top playing and heavy position of Taylor Hisha, who we saw in her who's number one debut a few events ago. And uh as we mentioned, these two have fought before. Trinity got the submission. Taylor is here for revenge. Yeah, I it's a it's a fun style matchup. Um, but both of these it's amazing because they're both very young. Uh, and to be so so high level at this young age is is very impressive. There you can see the physicality uh of both uh individuals actually but but Haw you can see she's a little more physical than Trinity [Applause] Taylor. Little bit of a throw there. a little bit shoved down to Trinity Punt earlier, but Trinity pulling guard right away. And I don't I don't think that's surpris surprising whatsoever. She probably going to try to work to get underneath the legs and start to off balance hy at least attempt to back up. What I think you might see from Trinity are things that are guard pulling in nature. Or maybe she'll even get a single and try to pull Hyshaw into a leg attack or try to split the leg, split the middle. So to get Hyshaw to step to split the middle and then act enter off. She'll still try to jump close guard. [Music] Yeah, you can see Haw did a good job trying to step over that right leg, the leg on her right rather. So knee cutting here, highaw uh you'll either see her right hand right now. It's holding that armpit. It's going to punch through to an under hook, push on the hip. She may even try to push that punch that wrist over a lot. There it is to try to dig the under hook off the post hand. Trinity Pun very looking very cool, calm, collective on the bottom there. Flexible guard player looking to get underneath the hips of Trinity and tangle some legs or sorry, underneath the the hips of uh Taylor I should say. Yeah, she needs to get some distance Trinity because right now Hyaw stepped over into that headquarters position and she's got a nice square hipped position. which is tough. It's tough to lift. All you can do is really lift up and they can float a little bit, but it doesn't really lift them out. Working her way through pretty deep here. Now she's she's got a really legit chance here at knee cutting through. Can't quite get by the leg. Yeah, that knee dropped just by the hip and Trinity snuck that right foot back in. Yeah. Red. So, Taylor Hisha is uh the first person to get judges favor so far. And for those of you at home uh watching, you know, the judges favor, we're not scoring these as rounds. This just telling you that if the match ended right now, this is who the judges would be favoring to win so far. So, it obviously adds a little bit of confidence for both competitors. But again, we're not judging these round by round. You're going to hear another judges favorite coming up in about uh two and a half minutes. So, just kind of gives you an indication of who the judges think are winning so far. Back to the standup now. You see in the corner of uh Taylor Hisha, Declan Moody, WNO veteran. Hishawa having some success with a caller tie up top and getting Trinity to walk pretty well. So, I I wouldn't be surprised if one of these little snap down she goes on a single or double. Now, here's the thing, right? closed guard is a great way to enter on the leg. So, I think that's potentially Trinity's early plan. If she can't get anything working on the closed guard, she can scoop the leg and drop into legs, but she's been trying to get it to the closed guard. She's got there in a a little bit of a different manner than than jumping. Once again, we're here live from the Kalahari Resort in Round Rock, Texas. sold out crowd once again as a classic who's number one style. And you know, you you talk about the matches we've seen at who's number one. This is a lot different than what we saw in Taylor's first match at Who's Number One where she was able to get the back several times. Let's go. Shouldn't be playing with the high guard attempt there. Wonder if she'll scoop behind her leg for a little Williams guard. She got to get the the arm by the hip before she can really do anything like that. There's a nice pummel. Now Sean, if you're Taylor or if you're you're coaching her here, when when somebody's got body triangle inside your clothes guard, like how what's your advice here? Because should you be looking to posture? Should you be looking to try to untangle the legs with your hands? Like obviously not trying to expose something, but what sort of things can you do from this position to get scape? Yeah, that's that's great question. And you know, she's keeping the inside ties, which is a very important ordeal. So she stops well stops this, right? There's an over hook on on her right side. So, keeping the inside ties. Now, there are like weird funny little foot locks that you can do, calf slicers if you step over a locked body lock. Um, but they're difficult, especially if you have a really flexible individual. Um, you know, like Trinity probably wouldn't really do a lot of damage, but um but inside ties, posturing up, and started working towards the feet are all what her goals would be. judges favor. Red Taylor up now. Not by rounds, but she is up in the judg's favor being called once again. She's got an overhook trinity. So, if that right knee of hers can peek through the gap of the bicep, you might see, you know, triangle goes into clamp guard. Halt to the action here. Raphael referee Gabriel Martinez. I think he's uh giving, you know, one of the things we've made with the referees recently, we've uh spoken to Oh, nice sweep attempt there by Trinity Pun. That was beautiful. Very rare to see a balloon sweep in. It's actually really good. I mean, it works from the Udakatami. There she got an angle on the arm. So it it works really well from over hooks, udatamis, things where your opponent will bring their head over and the feet drop to the hips. You can see that Triny had the left foot on the hip. And so when when Hyshaw started to drive forward, she just lifted her, but she lost her grip on the way over. It's a very productive sweep. Noi, if you have the right upper body gripping. She had a nice uh over hook, a little bite on that right arm of Taylor almost looking for a closedg guard mirlock. I'll uh who's number one champion Adele Fornino. Shout out to the champ who's watching home at in Australia. [Music] Look forward to seeing her compete back on the who's number one stage possibly really soon. Back to the action here. Trinity pun, you know, interesting nice sweep attempt. Be interesting to see what the judges are saying. We have a minute and 10 seconds left. It's basically a sweep attempt against a takedown attempt, but kind of a stalemate. Yeah, she's doing a great job pummeling this Trinity. There's the angle on the arm again. There she goes. She had successful. There it is. Almost. This is where Taylor is looking for some back exposure. She's trying to Oh, and Trinity sucks her up once again. And she gives Andy space. You're going to see Taylor trying to get to that back, trying to pass, trying to knee cut. Man, Trinity so flexible. Look at her just chain submission attempts left and right. She's got a scoop on that leg. Let's see if she tries to switch. Yeah, she's trying to pummel the right leg through. And we'll we'll probably see an attempted Connie Basami here. grounded Connie Bisami which that scissor if she can get that left leg pummeled through but you can hear the the good coaching from the B team. They know what's going on there too. So 13 seconds left in this match. Taylor trying to get to North South gets the pass attempt almost to the back there. Trinity now locks up the leg. Can't really see if she's got a bite. Trinity. And that is it. There was a couple really nice exchanges in this match. Um, you know, didn't didn't go like we thought it would, but very very technical matchup from these two young ladies. Yeah, I I would say um it was a good strategy, well played by Trinity. She she had obviously known that closed guard could be a strength for her and uh that's exactly what she did after she was put down. So, let's take a look at the replay here. We saw several attempts at passing, several submission attempts by Trinity on the bottom. Taylor tried to get past a couple times. Nice uh take down to a close guard pull there. Some great exchanges. Yeah, just that last little uh movement there, but actually she left her leg behind and and Trinity, you can see she has the heel. I mean, it would have been a long way from finishing, but she did have some exposure. And that's a tough one. I have my thoughts, but I'm not going to share them. Ladies and gentlemen, after nine minutes of action, the judges have rendered their decision. for the winner out of the red corner, Taylor. [Music] And that is it. Taylor Hanot now 2 and 0 here at WNO. Uh she really wanted to get this win. I don't think it went the way she wanted, but a win nonetheless. Look forward to seeing her back here on the Who's number one stage sometime soon. Once again, for you guys watching at home, you're probably watching the free play on the social media channels on YouTube or on flowgraphling.com. But don't forget to watch the main card, including tonight's main event with Nick Rodriguez and Kyn Dwarte. You got to subscribe to flowgrappling.com. Don't delay. Subscribe today or you're going to miss all the action. Hey baby, back down. Hey, hey, hey. I think what kind of would love most is to make sure that Nick uh transferred the money to him, you know, from CGI. But I know that's not going to happen, right? But honestly, I think it means a lot, you know, it means a lot for Kina. Um um you know, because it's it's it's going to put his name like on um as as the best grappler nowadays, you know, like put in the number one rank. So, they are fighting for that rank, you know. So it's it's good we see like who's number one, you know. So there is the legend himself, Andre Galva, talking about a huge opportunity for Kaidan Dwarte, his student. Unfortunately, they didn't make a bet on this match, but Andre was saying maybe they should have, you know, bet that million dollars that uh, you know, Nikki Rod won at CGI. But yeah, it's a huge opportunity. And again, this is truly to crown who is number one. For you guys watching at home, if you're watching on the Flow Grappling social channels, don't forget you've got to subscribe to flowgraphic.com to watch the main card. Don't miss a second of tonight's action. But without further ado, let's toss it back to Jake to kick off the second undercard match. Our next bout takes place in the Who's number one lightweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He stands 5' 7 inches tall, weighing in at 155.2 lbs. Fighting out of the B team in Austin, Texas, Josh W. Jog Wland out of the B team makes his Who's Number One debut and he's got the crowd roaring. Yeah. Yeah, I mean if these guys tie up for any length of time, uh, prepare to see a duck under faster than most you've ever seen before. Very talented wrestler. And introducing his opponent, fighting out of the red corner. He stands 5' 11 in tall, weighing in at 154.4 lbs. Fighting out of team 10th planet in Austin, Texas, Ben Eddie. Austin local Ben Eddie makes his return to who's number one. And he says he's going to try to wrestle with Jay Dog. Well, I mean, my hats off to him. Um but but what he does bring is that really flexib you know highly flexible uh body style which could uh also bring its own difficulties for Winland. So we'll see. All right let's take a look at this lightweight tail of the tape. Benetti 36 years old 5'11 weighed in 154.4 lb. Josh Wyland 26 years old 5'7 weighed in at 15455.2 lb. We're going to toss things over to our official Gabrielle Martinez to begin tonight's action. Here we go. Benenni, black shirt, black shorts. Josh Wland, the four-time state champion, freestyle, threetime freestyle state champion, and six-time all-American wrestler, Jay Dog. He's got that dog in him, he said in the press conference. He's going after Ben Eddie here. Well, you know, the the nice thing about his style of wrestling is he can take the back off of a lot of the things that he does. He he does the singles and duck unders well. And it gets to the back off of his uh initial shot or tie up. And that's um something I would I don't know him personally, but I would think it's just a natural his natural style looks like it's that way. So, and that bodess well for for what we do. Now, you can of course take someone down with unorthodox stuff. We have we have jiu-jitsu. So, you can use jiu-jitsu to your ability. You don't have to wrestle. It can be something uh counter in nature like kamoras or sitting underneath and using legs to get to the top. But beautiful shot there by Jay Dog Josh Win. And you know, uh at the press conference he was asked if he's going to be ready for a lot of the unorthodox, you know, leg entanglements and just, you know, submission chains that we know that Ben Eddie can do. And Josh is like, "Man, I train at the B team. I've seen it all. I know. I know what's up. And I'm not afraid of anything." Ben Eddi, master of the Hindull team. One of the craziest submissions on his back. Josh got a pass there. Yeah, that left arm was done. Well done there. He blocked the hip and started to hug with the right arm over the other side of the body. Essentially, it turns into a re a north south body lock. It's a really nice way to pass the legs. Um, and he did it very, very well. So, again, set up by that slide by halt to the action there. I'm not too sure what for, but uh, giving an opportunity. Look, Ben's looking for that right arm under hook. Josh doing a great job getting to north south. be interesting to see how Ben uses that flexibility to recover. Yeah, as long as it's Josh uh stays around the arms and then puts the head in the stomach. Well, there he was able to get enough space to get his legs back. Restart of the action here. Josh Wyland stalking Ben Eddi keeping that little space in between not trying to risk leg entanglement. Yeah, he's trying the same passing style with the blocking the the hip with a cross arm. It's a really nice way to pass, but that time it was uh ineffective. He's going to have to stay keep that left leg back, monitor the hips and work on making sure that that under hook on this right side on the net's right arm doesn't get too deep. [Applause] First judge's favor going to Josh Wild. No coincidence. You saw the takedown. We saw the guard pass earlier on. Uh Ben is just, you know, been unable to really land any offensive attack successfully so far. But we still have five minutes and a half left in this match. Anything could happen. The master of the Hindola team, I believe the first time I saw it was you was with you in the 80C trials West Coast, right? I had no idea what the hell he was doing. Guillotine with his legs wrapped around on a go plat or something. And one of the craziest techniques we see from Benetti now. Yeah, Benetti's starting to get underneath there, but yeah, that's it. Wland pushes himself away. Use the left hand the neck to start to clear his left leg out again. So, you know, uh obviously no coincidence, but Josh's passes are always ending in north south obviously because he knows Benetti's got that flexibility with the legs and he's able to recover guards similar to what we saw Trinity Pun do earlier in her match and I think he knows that he wants to stay away from those hips best as possible. So, passing to north south seems to be the key to control here. Yeah, he's using that reverse sort of inverted body lock there. more soft body lock style. His hands are not locked. They might be locked now, but um and that does require that. And I should staple that. Yeah. Staple the arm down with the knee if any you know just saying you know, hey man, you can't just lock me down. Oh, and Josh with a flying arm lock attempt. Yeah, that came out of nowhere. Beni was complaining about what he was doing and Josh repaid him with a flying arm bar. Did not see that coming. But Jay Dog is bringing the fight. He's bringing the dog. Let's see if we can get a finish in this match. So, this is where Josh has definitely got to be careful getting close to Ben Eddi, running the risk of him getting under the legs or possibly attacking the neck or or shoulder. Three and a half left. and it's going to have to find a way to get sticky and to keep him from moving backwards. That's not That's not easy. It's definitely not easy. Yeah, cuz Josh is like moving laterally left to right. Oh, here it is. Benetti setting it up. Yeah, he can just pull out of that if he just dominates the wrist and ducks his head. But he didn't he didn't dominate the wrist at all. Benetti has got him trapped. He's got his legs strapped. Ben Eddi and now he's found him with the triangle. Reverse triangle here. Ben Eddi looking to go get a submission here. This one is tough because you can get Kamura or he can Ben should take his left arm and hug this back leg. And that lets him adjust the angle even more. So if his left arm comes back and hugs the leg, he's also got a kamura attack. But that'll let that right knee come around the corner and that's a finishable triangle from there. But he's not he's he's working on the arm right now. Yeah. But what you can't see at home is Josh has locked his hands and he's not given that arm up. I think he knows what's happening now. Ben's got the grip. He's got the He's got He had a Kamura grip there for a second. He's trying to break the fingers. He's trying to break the fingers apart now. Scooping underneath. Now the problem with Yeah. Sorry, Ricardo. The problem with scooping underneath means that you lose your triangle angle. He's trying to to move into a sideways triangle. just needed to bring the left arm back and hug the leg of that far leg and it's going to fix his angle. Then it's it's it's no joke that triangle. This is one of my favorite triangles, the uh honteaku opposite side triangle. But now the kamura might be there. He might set off for a monoplata. Should Josh stay on his back or do you think that if he rolls is it run him the risk of getting in more danger here? Josh is going to want to push on the butt and circle to his right and his head's going to pop out. He's going to shrug his shoulder, run like Homer Simpson or you know, he's got to run on his side to his right and his head can pop out that out of that triangle and then it's just the arm is left behind. But he's got to shrug hard. He shrug with the left side and then he can he can literally worm worm his head out. Right now is the time to do it. But when he's square like this, he's in line to to circle to his right with his legs. will start to untie this triangle and he'll squirt his head out. Man, this position I think would have made many of men tap just from the pressure, just from the weight on top. But Josh Wland's tougher than a $2 stake and he's sticking it out here. He's not giving up. Yeah, the problem is he's stuck in a triangle for a very long time. Very big large portion of the match right now. There it is. He could circle out to the right and he'll untie it. [Music] Now he's now conventional triangle there. Josh rolling to his knees. Benetti's got a great position to finish. Now he's got to hug that hip strong if he gets on top. Now he's back down to the back. There it is. Ben Eddie with the submission. And Eddie Bravo's going wild in the corner. What a finish. Yeah, I think I think he was going to go out there. Yeah. Once that front triangle went on, when he tried to come up, he didn't pull on the hip. He came up and he did not adjust the elbow on the hip. What been the front triangle went on really tight. Uh and then it just wore down. You're in a triangle for that long. Woof. Nice. Nice. Well done. Benetti had a a very nice match. But but Wland, that that was a very very strong performance. Just a little bit of an error and Yeah, absolutely. Let's take a look at the replay here. We saw a lot of beautiful passing attempt from Josh Wland as I mentioned trying to get to the north cell trying for good reason trying to stay out of the triangle. You saw the flying arm block by Josh Wland earlier. He was really taking it. And once Bet Eddie started to wrap up right here eventually got to the mount, got the reverse triangle and stayed on that thing. I think that was about 3 minutes in duration. Ben Eddie's legs got to be worn out at this point. But yeah, he got the reverse triangle. He was able to switch it to the contemporary position and got the finish. And now Benetti is one and one here at WNO. What a match. Yeah, it was a great match. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Gabrielle Martinez has called a stop to this contest. Declaring the winner out of the red corner, Ben. [Music] [Applause] All right, guys. Get ready for an epic week of jiu-jitsu action. First up, it's the thrilling BJJ stars on April 26th where top grapplers like Mika Galva, Adam Wartzinski, Diego Hayes take center stage for some of the most exciting matchups you'll ever see. Then don't go anywhere because we're heading straight into the action at the Brazileros from April 26th to May 4th where the best in the sport. Battle out, battle it out for the ultimate glory. Two powerhouse events and one forgettable experience. Stay tuned and witness it all only on Flow Grappling. Don't go anywhere, guys. We'll be right back with match number three of our undercard. Hey, hey, hey. Sh hey shit. So, um this is a uh a huge test for Luke. and uh he's proven very successful against other great heavyweights like Kan Dwarte in the ADCC. He was very successful for 80% of the match against um uh Filipe Penna and looked great appeared to be dominating the action but then had a a mental lapse during the match. And um uh if he can just build up to that kind of consistency where he stays at that top level where he's already proven he can beat the best of the best but do that every time throughout the entirety of even a long and tough match. That'll be that will be what he needs to uh to to get to that top level. All right guys, you just heard the legend John Danaher talk about tonight's main event. Obviously, one of the biggest matches in not only who's number one history, but in the grappling history, I think we're truly gonna find out who's number one tonight. Battle of Nick Rodriguez and Kynan Dwarte. Super excited to see that. Guys, don't forget if you're watching at home on the free, you know, YouTube channel, you got to subscribe to fullgrappling.com. Don't delay. Subscribe today. And we're going to kick things over to begin our third match. Take it away, Jake Watson. Ladies and gentlemen, our next bout takes place in the Who's number one light heavyweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He stands 6' 1 in tall, weighing in at 196.6 lb, fighting out of team 10th planet by way of the B team in Austin, Texas. Colin Car. Colin Carr makes his Who's number one debut. Yeah, Colin Carr just I I've only seen a little bit of his footage. So I you know obvious likes a rolling camoras. That's one thing that I I saw in his footage that he was pretty consistent across the board at and introducing his opponent fighting out of the red corner. He stands 6' 3 in tall weighing in at 204.8 8 lbs. Fighting out of New Wave Jiujitsu in Austin, Texas, Alan Menzo. Alan Mcenzo makes his WNO debut on a couple days notice. He actually was a replacement for this match. All right, let's take a look at this light heavyweight tale of the tape. Alan Mcenzo, 31 years old, 6'3, weighed in at 204.8 lb. Colin Carr, 29 years old, 6'1, weighing in at 196.6 lb. Now, we asked Colin Carr at the press conference, you know, if the the change of opponent last minute, you know, kind of rattled things a little bit and he said, "You know what? I'm fighting another guard player from UAV. So, nothing new here. I know exactly what to do and I'm going to take it to him." Alenzo right away sits to guard. Colin Carr on top working on that double coochie from the collar tie. He's out on the leg a little bit. So, Colin Carr flipping around, but Allan's up and uses that leg entry to come to the top. Now Allan working to almost like an overunder, but you pat you pen the shin, but you just can't quite get enough grip. His shoulder's a little high to keep that foot to the butt on that on that right side. So now he's got a scoop under hook of the arm. You can see him look looking a little bit like he's going to go after the kamura. And you mentioned studying the tape of Colin Carr. You said he's a Kamura specialist and he likes to go for that position here. Trying to get a a grip on that arm to throw the leg over the top like Allah Troy bar. That's a nice little left step to the middle from Allen, but he didn't get height on that. So he he was trying to sit on a leg rather than I liked how he stepped in the middle. He would have had a little height more height. trying to pass from the outside with just ankle grips. So far, Nick is finding pretty easy way to keep that guard retained. So, Colin wants to get around to the north south. When he gets around there, he's going to have to put the head in the stomach right away. There's a leg entry now. That's tight. That's deep. That's deep. So, He He could have double trouble here. There's the heel on that back side. There it is. And it's going to be a heel knee bar. Yeah, that's on. Alan's got the leg slipped out. Yeah, that second time it slipped out. So, he may want to go to Yeah, there. Now it's better. He's got a pretty good grip on that. It also switch to holding the heel with his hand. And Colin has gotten his knee out so he needs to roll through. Yep. Some good attacks in there, but but just a little off. The the first one slipped out. It was the deepest and it literally slipped out and then Colin had some nice defensive movement after that. Now he steps back as his own leg attack. That's pretty deep. So Allan's got to get that left leg, left hook. I can't see, but his left hook needs to go underneath the leg. The ankle and then he'll be fine. But right now, I think it's all the way out. Oh, no. His left hook is in there. The Collins trying to attack the right leg now. So, you see in the corner, Mr. John Danaher coaching his student Alan Mcenzo, one of the replacements here, who's looking really impressive in his WNO debut, especially on such short notice. Like Enzo said he was so excited to be here where you know it was only years ago he was stink he was training in stinky basement but now he's on the biggest stage in the world and grappling here at who's number one. So how the world can change for an individual in the blink of an eye. Sean, when you have a flexible guard player as you see with Allen and you know what sort of things should you be looking to for passing here to avoid leg entanglements or just you know generally getting caught in those legs at all? Yeah. Now you got to usually it's really difficult to pass at the headline. So you pin the feet, use your knees to pin the legs, and then you can move back under the hips. But then it's a whole different situation when you can keep the legs pinned with a knee and you can start stapling the arm down and moving into much higher percentage chances or get your head in the stomach. Head to the belly is a is a very good way uh to to start to get around um those that flexible guard. I really like the multi-directional passing from Colin Carr. It looked like Josh Win out there looked a little lightweight. He was moving pretty quick and he was able to bypass the guard for a sec. But man, Ellen's got that flexibility. Less than four minutes to go. Allan, I like that. I liked the initial double coochis, but he's got to have something to enter right now. He's not putting the pressure. He's reacting, but there's he's the one that's not putting the pressure from that seated position. Reacting and looking for opportunities, for mistakes, got an inside leg tie. Let's see if he can use it now. I don't know if he has triangles there. Yeah, there's a triangle. As you said, inverted guards like that when triangles can come out of nowhere if you get a leg across the body. There's another [Applause] three minutes left in this match. Judges favor red. Judges favor Allen McKenzo. Yeah. And this that's the problem. We've seen this many times and it's a good strategy to play is if the bottom player is just always using guard recovery and flexibility, no no single legs, uh then they can it can you can wear them down. And that's basically what happened is his legs are not now are no longer able to get over the head so well. the abs are probably tired and then because there's no real single leg to sitting to the guard, it becomes easier and easier and easier to start getting around the guard when you run north south. See that multi-directional passing left to right, left to right once again by Colin moving pretty quick for a big guy. Once again, we have a we have a soldout crowd here at the Kalahari Resort. Standing room only right now. And Colin Carr has got a nice grip on that head. Allen pops it out. Allen looking for that left arm under hook for a second there. Just over a minute left in this match. Allan trying to attack the legs once again. Man, look at the movement of Colin Carr. Very impressive. Yeah, just sliding out of every attack here. And there he is, Gordon Ryan in the corner of Alamagedo. Gordon Ryan, uh, WO veteran, obviously, one of the greatest Ni grapplers of all time. Austin local, will be opening up, uh, the new new wave location. How to make Enzo on a leg attack one more time in the closing 30 seconds of this match. Just couldn't quite get it tight enough. Col with a nice pass all the way to North South. Little neon face. His corner's just saying you got to go for a submission here. Yeah. Even if he's he's he's passing. Yeah. But he's not hitting anything off of it. So, it's be interesting to see what the judges decide here. Well, certainly that last five minutes was pretty much all Colin as Nick really wore down. Maybe that short notice Yeah. was was really starting to affect him. Let's take a look at the replay for this match. Colin Carr, Alan Megano. We saw a lot of leg entanglements. Uh we saw one nice bite there earlier on and uh we saw a lot of good entries. Colin Carr was just able to defend so many of those attacks. But yeah, Allen was just relentless on the legs. Colin doing a great job of passing, but not really getting any submission attempts from that position. So, it'll be interesting to see what the judges look at for their decision, which we'll find out here in a sec. Ladies and gentlemen, after nine minutes of action, the referees have rendered their decision for your winner. Out of the red corner, Alan Mcenzo. [Music] Alan Mcenzo gets his win here again on short notice. Yeah. Was able to walk away with the victory. We saw a ton of submission attempts from this young man. Props to him for stepping up, taking this match on a couple days notice here at Who's Number One. Your college sports have a home on Flo College. Watch more than 12,000 college sporting events from 100 schools and 12 different conferences only on FL College. Head to flowcol.com today to see everything now. All right, guys. Don't go anywhere. We're going to take a quick break and we'll be back for our final match of the undercard. Michael Eskel against Chris Wick. [Music] Sh. Shit. Sh. [Music] You're talking all submissions ADCC double gold and all submiss submissions CGI million dollar grappler world champion. Um, yeah, this is what the people want to see. Um, fans can expect me just to be myself and do what I'm best at. Um, I feel as if in the past I've somewhat tailored my game to beat specific opponents and um, that's not me anymore. I'm just going to do what I do and do what I'm best at and uh, just be grateful for the moment and and whatever happens happen. All right, there he is, the million-dollar grappler, Nick Rodriguez, sharing some of his insight and thoughts about this upcoming match with Kynan Dwarte. Looking forward to seeing that later on in our main event as we get closer and closer to this highly anticipated battle between the CGI and ADCC champion. But for now, let's take it back down to the mats with our final undercard matchup. Call him out, Jake Watson. Ladies and gentlemen, our next bout takes place in the Who's number one middleweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He stands 5' 11 in tall, weighing in at 185.6 lb, fighting out of Paragon JuiSu in Austin, Texas, Michael. Michael Esavl makes his WNO debut. Yeah, look, I I I try to watch a lot of footage of Michael just to see what he's going to bring to the table today. Um, he has a tall task ahead of him. And introducing his opponent, fighting out of the red corner, he stands 5' 10 in tall, weighing in at 185.2 two pounds. Fighting out of the B team in Austin, Texas, Chris Wick. Chris Wick makes his long awaited who's number one debut now training here at the B team in Austin, Texas. Yeah, Chris is really talented pretty much everywhere. Um but uh I think he favors the late game. Yeah. Go. All right, let's take a look at this middleweight tail of the tape. Chris WCK, 27 years old, 5'10, weighed in at 185.2 lb. Michael Eavl, 32 years old, 5'1, 5'11, sorry, weighed in at 185.6 lb. Sean, you mentioned that uh Wic likes the leg entanglements. If you go on the flow grappling Instagram, you'll see a video of him breaking bats with his bare hands like he's going for legs to break. Hopefully, he doesn't break any legs today, but look for him to hunt for those submissions here in this last preliminary matchup. Yeah, he's looking to get underneath. arm drags, trying to get sticky with any sort of under hook or to be able to get over to the legs. And you know, Wikip is is one of these guys. He's he's got quite the following online. He's he's you know, he does articles for for flow grappling. Here we go. We talk about the leg entries. He's right away. Michael recognizes the threat. He's trying to free that knee. Circle to the back. Yeah, he's trying to d Yeah, he's trying to take the back. trying to scoop underneath there. He's got he got a nice guys nice attempt there to come up on a leg drag. That was actually well done. Really well done. He lost uh the left foot on the mat. He should have kept driving towards his left with that left foot and he he wouldn't have had that leg stuck back in the middle. But that's very nicely done. Chris Wchek on the bottom looking to dangle the legs of Michael Eavl on top. Michael Esl, local Austin native, representing Paragon Jiu-Jitsu Austin. Chris Bojek, fighting for the B team. Had an amazing uh ADCC debut last year. Had some really good battles there. And it's no coincidence he's on that leg once again. Yeah, that's a he got his leg sucked in there. That that was a a little bit of an error there. So this is his sort of woouge lock he's going to he likes to do. So feel Yeah. Sorry to interrupt. He's looks like he's got it tangled. He's torquing that ankle. Will he get the woouge lock? Will he get a submission in his Who's number one debut. Now attacking the opposite leg is Wic. He's He's got it locked. Legs. You saw Michael look for the tap and that is it. Chris Wch gets it done in just over two minutes here at who's number 127. We talk about Chris liking the leg locks and it was no coincidence he was able to get this done so fast. Yeah, he switched into the secondary leg and then and then as then slid the legs as he lost the other leg, slid the legs underneath and put that pressure on to that outside. So there you see he's switching the legs. His legs going to go into the slide underneath on the left side. There it is. Right leg goes over the top. So essentially just switch to the opposite side and then took that straight Achilles uh with that outside leg position. What a way to make a debut here at Who's Number One. As we said, long awaited debut. We've been talking to Chris trying to get him on the card, but the timing wasn't always right. But it it was definitely right today here at W27. Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, referee Gabrielle Martinez has called a stop to the action at 6 minutes and 39 seconds. For the winner, by submission due to a foot lock out of the red corner, Chris Wick. [Music] Chris Wickk winner by submission here at Who's 127. All right guys, that is it for the prelims. If you're watching this on the flow grappling social media channels or flowgrappling.com, we're going to kick things to the main card now. And the only way to watch is by signing up on flowgrappling.com. You got to subscribe. Don't delay. Subscribe today and you can catch some of the best matches for the main card. One of the most stacked who's number one cards of the entire year. Don't go anywhere. We'll be right back kicking things off with the main card. Tonight's Who Number One is presented by Defense Soap. Now the official soap and body wipe of Flow Grappling. Protecting you for over 15 years. Defend what you have built. The sport of jiu-jitsu provides so many with a bigger purpose. Jiu-jitsu becomes a part of you. You're faced with so many challenges in the sport, but skin infection shouldn't have to be one of them. And that's our mission. Defense Soap was created out of the need to fight back because we care about this sport, the families, the athletes, the coaches, and we want to continue to protect people from skin infections to keep you on the mat. And that's our goal here at Defense Soap, to defend what you have built. Kabota High Limit season 2 is here. The dirt track series that shook the world is back. Bigger, faster, and ready to make history. It all begins under the bright lights of Sin City. Catch up with Dirt season 2 on Flow March 13th. Join Bradu, Tyler Courtney, and the biggest names in dirt racing as they battle for glory and take fans along for the wildest ride of the year. From the first green flag to the epic finale, High Limit is more than racing, it's a movement. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey hey hey black hey hey hey. [Music] Black. Hey. [Applause] Hey. Heat. Heat. N. Sh. Hey, shit. Sh. Who's number one hits the sports capital of Texas? The beautiful Kalahari Resort Convention Center is home to six main card super fights featuring the best athletes in the sport of jiu-jitsu. And it all comes to a head with a main event showdown between CJI champion Nick Rodriguez and ADCC 2024 champion Kynan Dwar. Live from Round Rock, this is who's number 127 only on Flow Grappling. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jake Watson joined by my good friend and one of the greatest minds in the sport of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Mr. Shawn Williams. Sean, what a great main card. Our main event speaks for itself. Tell me how you're feeling right now. Yeah, well, thank you for the kind words, Jake. I'll tell you what, the main event is going to be absolutely crazy. I mean, the the whole main card is stacked with athletes that are submission masters. They really are. It's going to be really exciting. But not only are they submission masters, they're dynamic in nature, and we are in for a night of excitement. Well, talk to me about Kynan Dwart who's in the main event right here. You see on this replay, Sean, absolutely dynamic competitor. Yeah, Kynan is absolutely evolved into a complete beast. He is good from everywhere. As you saw, he's is complete wrestling. He has a back take that can you give him an inch, he'll be on your back from nowhere. And one of the things that might play out tonight that Nikki may have to watch out for is that Arman guillotine right there. He has an absolute beastly Arman guillotine. Um, we will see how that plays out. But on the flip side, we've got Nikki Rod. Nikki Rodriguez has also evolved into one of the most complete uh jiu-jitsu athletes in the world. He is also well-versed on his feet in the wrestling department, as we know. And if he gets his hands locked around your waist or your head and arm, what a percentage he may have of passing your guard. He's an absolute monster on passing when he gets his hands locked. But he can also take the back. And when he gets the back, if the arm gets under the neck, it's lights out. So, we are in for a real real contest. Both individuals pose almost the same problems for one another, just technically they choose different methods to get there or or or to you utilize those techniques. So, I'm very excited. It's definitely a very interesting match up. And speaking of interesting matchups, we have a title bout on the night as Elizabeth Clay seeks to defend her featherweight title versus Helena Cravar. Yeah, I I think uh and here's uh Elizabeth Clay, the the current champion coming out, one of the uh young ladies in in in the women's division, I believe, that has one of the strongest leg locking games. And she's been doing that for a while. She was she's one of the first women on the on the scene to really master the leg lock game. And the percentage of success she has once she gets you your leg is is quite impressive. She's also added a a noticeable guillotine, an arm and guillotine from the butterfly guard, and I think that she'll utilize that to get onto the top position. She's got her hands full tonight in the young Elena Crabar, the youngest athlete to ever go to ADCC. She is also a leg lock master, if you will. And she just goes after leg locks like it's relentless, exceptionally flexible. When she gets the leg, she's able to isolate that leg. she as well can really lock up that and have a high percentage chance of success. Now their first match, this one right here, uh Elizabeth was able to tap Helena. That is before believe she before she went to the new wave and now we will see if she can now come about and redeem herself. That was a young Helena and now we are in for a possible redemption. What a match we have in the women's championship division. Now there's one more match to go over and it's a match up that I'm especially excited for. I imagine you're very excited as well. We see the return of Shanji Hiro as he takes on Richie Boogeyman Martinez. Yeah. What can what can't you say about Shanji? I mean, this guy has done it all. He is one of the premier athletes ever in jiu-jitsu and well-versed. I believe he's one of the most versatile athletes that we've ever had in jiu-jitsu where he can he can submit you from the back as we see he can submit you from the his his back into Yumlada. He will flying arm lock you if he wants. exceptionally well verssed on getting on top through wrestling or through wrestles up. He's got his hands full in a unique challenge in Richie the Boogeyman Martinez. Richie is primarily a bottom player. So we what I what I expect to see is a lot of leg locking as we see here. But one of the things that is it might be hard to prepare for is his extreme flexibility. He throws umma platas and go platas out of seemingly nowhere and that could really be a challenge. You can see here the goal plata their finish and that's really what could be a challenge for Shani. He's just a unique and a submission savvy individual and I believe he's going to be trying to throw submissions left, right, frontwards, backwards at Shani. So some of those are some of the most interesting matchups but certainly not the full picture. Let's take a look at the full main card live tonight on Flow Grappling. Opening up that main card is going to be Owen Jones as he takes on Julian Espinosa. We just mentioned Shonda Hero versus Richie Martinez. Andrew Tacket will fight Fabi Christian. Elizabeth Clay defends her title versus Helena Cravar. Our co-main event, we didn't talk about this, but a very good matchup as well. Victor Hugo versus Luke Griffith. And that main event of the evening as Canon Dwight takes on Nick Rodriguez. And another athlete not listed on this card, but certainly one of the most beloved in the sport of jiu-jitsu. Dynamic in every respect, aggressive and making a legacy for himself, the one and only Mika Galva. the young man from one of the greatest pound-for-pound grapplers in the sport today. Mika may be the most exciting guy in the world. Anytime this young man competes in grappling mustsee TV wants to be known as the Elvis Presley of jiu-jitsu, a guy that transcends generations. You've got to be so careful when we can go out. He is a submission sniper. Going around to the back. Both hooks in the rear leg gets hooked behind it. Nika Gal is going for the finish. This kid is something special. Very hard to prepare for a young man like this, but you just don't know what he's going to do. He kind of does everything. This is Ma announcing this is the level I am at and you guys are all chasing me. Who can stop this man? And he's done it. He's the super duper uber grand champion. 20, 24, 100 years later, they're going to be like, "That was a year. I mean, Sean, come on. That trailer, does it do it?" I don't even know if it does full justice to the career this young man has had, but give me your take. I I I mean that that young man is pa literally paving the way for the newest style of grappling. What an unbelievably talented young man. I can't wait to watch that. Well, to keep up with all of the news articles and updates, not only surrounding that upcoming documentary, but everything revolving around Flow Grappling, make sure you get a Flowgrappling subscription at flowgrappling.com/signup. you'll be able to see all the live events, not just his who's number one, but also you have full unmmerited access to everything FL grappling offers. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, let's get this thing started. The biggest main event who's Number One has ever had is tonight. Don't go anywhere. We'll be right back. Sh.