Kind: captions Language: en What's up, everybody? Welcome in to another live stream. How's everybody doing today, you know? How's everybody doing on this fine Saturday? We're going to be streaming the ADCC Brazil trials. This is the second Brazil trials going down in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Um, I'm going to be honest with you. I It's hard for me to say the actual name of the city this is in. Like, Indiatuba or something like that. It's a little a little bit little bit of a tough one for a gringo like myself. Let me pull this up though. There's been uh the action's been popping off kind of all morning. I believe we're a few rounds deep already today. I think we are um Let me check some of the brackets real quick. You guys want to check the brackets with me? You want me to pull pull the brackets up? Do you want to see this or no? Do you just want to see the chat? Yeah, so it looks like right now there's some 66 matches going on. And uh it's in the round before the quarters. So, matches are going down to decide the quarterfinals right now. We should have some cool names coming up. Josh Flores coming up. Fabian Ramirez. I think Felipe Machado might be up now. A myriad of Melky Galvao students in the mix for sure. Um &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; We did a podcast talking about the first trials. We were breaking down kind of what we saw and everything. The the uh the Melky team is doing witchcraft out there, if I'm being honest. It feels like whenever you beat a Melky Galvao student, they multiply 3x. Every time you beat a Melky student, three more students spawn in the same bracket somehow. It doesn't seem possible, but yet they're doing it anyways. But, I know why you guys are here. You guys want to watch the quad box. All right. So, give me a second. Let me get this quad box set up, and then we'll get right into the action. But, I want to level with you guys also, you know. This is Streaming in Brazil is not an easy thing to do. Definitely internet issues, some issues like that. So, I'm hoping we can get through this without too many uh too many issues on the stream. But, you know, we'll do what we can. We will do what we can. What do we got going on here? Pom pom pom. Well, how you guys doing? Go ahead and get the get the chats going if you guys feel feel so. Let me know how everybody's doing. But, yeah. One one thing with the internet, they've been having to do internet resets at the venue, which is obviously not good for a stream. But, let's jump into the quad box and let's get it going. All right. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; How's that look? Everything looking good? Everything sounding good? You guys let me know. You're my eyes and ears on the other side of this. I'll do my thing on this side. You guys do your thing on that side, and let me know. Go ahead and you know, drop a chat. Let me know where you guys are tuning in from, where you're watching from. Let me know what athletes I should have my eye on. Looks like we got a Peruvian uh getting a dubski in the bottom right here, beating a Melky student. He looks jacked up. Felipe Machado top left, going to OT. But, yeah. Here we go. We're quad boxing, baby. All right. Edwin Garcia looks great. Appreciate it, my guy. Thanks for Thanks for letting me know. You're watching from Lima? Would shout out the Peruvian who just won. Alejandro uh or That wasn't Alejandro, but it looks like we have another Peruvian coming up next. Alejandro Tomas. Felipe Machado gets the gets the win. He advances. He should be into the uh quarterfinals now, I believe. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I was watching earlier before I started the stream. Uh I saw I think Enriques Enrico Said lost a decision. I don't know if there's been as many notable upsets as last week. Last last week was absolutely nuts. Last week was like it wasn't just like the guy you kind of think could have a a sick performance and kind of break out was like upsetting people. It was like three layers deep of guys you kind of didn't expect were upsetting dudes. It was kind of nuts. Alejandro Tomas is the top Peruvian? He's the number one guy right now for Peru? That's pretty sick. That's pretty sick if he's the top guy. Let me pull this up over here. Let me get my Let me get my 15 monitors going over here on the back end. Think we got Yeah, we got Francisco Lo. going as well. I'm going to pull that up real quick. We've got some got some internet issues though. Try to power through that. Sorry, boys. Oh, no. Did I accidentally click off of the Peruvian? Let me get that back up for you. Boom. All right. We'll see how it goes. We'll see We'll see how the internet holds up. You know, like I said, um not the best connection down there in Brazil, but we'll see what we can do. We'll see if we can hold the power of the quad box. Sometimes the quad box is just too strong, you know? And if you guys have joined the stream before, then that's something you probably already know that the power of the quad box is, you know, is greater than than many of internet connection can handle. Let me see here. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Oops, sorry. Looks like Emerson Fito got the win over Francisco Lo. That's pretty crazy. We got this the as Edwin said, you know, we got a top Peruvian down here, Alejandro Tomas. But, he's got Joao Assis. Joao Assis is an absolute dog. So, and then we have get a top left we got Gabriel Brojan Rodrigo Ferreira. Um Brojan on a went on a run in the last one. Super tough dude. I feel like there's a good chance he get makes it pretty deep this time as well, but we'll see. We'll see how the cookie crumbles. Checking some of these brackets also. Um Josh Flores about to go top right. Josh Flores, he's one of the dudes who got uh he got beat last trials. I want to say by another um Vanguard athlete. Is Arthur Souza my boy Arthur Oh, Lucas Canto. Arthur Souza. Let me pull that up. I'm a big Arthur Souza fan. You guys know how old Arthur Souza is now? Is like Arthur like Arthur's got to be like freaking 6 years old. And I know that's an exaggeration, but he is super young. Last time I I made a video with him where I rolled with Arthur, and he was an orange belt and I swear he weighed like 40 lb. He was an orange belt at Milkey's school. And he was still an absolute dog. I feel like he can't be that much older and he can't weigh that much more. But he's absolutely killer. I think he's a blue belt now, probably like a juvenile blue, probably like 16 or something or maybe younger. Or I guess maybe you have to be 16 to get a blue belt, so he probably is 16. Also though, Milkey doesn't always abide by the rules of the belts. I kind of respect it. Like I remember he promoted Mika early where then had to uh he had to like take a year off or something from IBJJF because he got promoted from brown to black too quick. Maybe something similar with Diogo, which is just like a funny thing to do. Just be like, "Nah, I promote my students when I feel like it. I don't I don't need to abide by these arbitrary rules." But in this match Arthur Sousa going up against Lucas Contra, Lucas Contra a Argentinian super tough dude. I remember I first met Lucas in 2021. Arthur 16, makes sense. Makes sense. Just a young scrappy lad. What we locked in on today, boys? What we locked in on today ladies and gentlemen? You know, for all the all the females in the chat, all the males in the chat, what we watching today, huh? You guys been locking in early in the day? You guys been watching anything? You've been following any specific athletes? Let me know who you're excited about, who you've been watching, stand out stuff we might have missed from the morning that we weren't streaming for. Josh Flores just got a sub top right, it looks like. Love Joaõ Assis. Joaõ Assis is an absolute beast. Ooh. Oh, dang. Nice little trip from Joaõ Assis. He's about to I bet he takes the back off this somehow. There we go. Bro, you know Joaõ Assis's squeeze has got to be insane also. Yeah, Gabriel Broja dog. I'm excited to see Gabriel Broja today. We're seeing him right now. He's on the back, top left. Repping repping Gracie Barra Preguiça. Shout out Felipe Pena. Top right, this one this next match should be a pretty pretty sick match. Marcelo Fausta versus Marco Albuquerque. I wasn't as hip to Marco Albuquerque before last trials, but he seems like a pretty tough dude. And then Marcelo Fausta super exciting grappler, like super fun dude to watch. One of the guys who I kind of am always if he's in a bracket, I'm always trying to catch some of his matches, so that one should be sick. Joaõ Assis got the dubski there. We got OT bottom right. We got Arthur and Lucas doing a little wrestling. I don't know if either of these guys are much of much of wrestlers, but we're about to see it now if they are. All right. Looks like John Maltise is coming up too against George Escudero. Might switch one of these to George Escudero versus John Maltise as well. Ooh. Nice slide by Tim. Who do you guys got? Arthur Sousa or Lucas Contra? &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Uh you don't want to go to the knees, Arthur. That's you got to have the veteran move. You got to stay tall, good body posture, try to influence that last little portion of the judges' decision as much as you can. You got Arthur Y V? Lucas it is. &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; Lucas it is. I'm telling you that uh that last [clears throat] little seconds there, it makes a big difference. All right, let's switch this one to John Maltise. Who we got coming up next on this match? What is this, mat three? We got Rafael Paganini coming up there. I mean, I wish I could see what happened in Marcelo Fausta versus Marco Albuquerque, but I guess we're not going to be able to. That's a bummer. Sorry, boys. Oh, now we got Guilherme Sousa versus Alessandro Botelho coming up top right. That's uh that's two Milkey students. Guilherme Sousa aka Little Leg, I believe they call him. And then against Alessandro Botelho, they call him Horse. So, you got Little Leg versus Horse coming up. The match of the century, the match the people have been waiting for right here. You big Escudero guy? Oh, he's also Peruvian. The Peruvian's showing out, huh? Jose Inacio Dos Santos locking up a little Anaconda here bottom left. You know that squeeze has got to be something awful, huh? That squeeze has got to be crazy from Jose Inacio. All right, we're about to see some wrestling from Escudero and Maltise. Mat five, a very good match is about to happen. We're on mat five. Mat five is top left, right here. So, I got you, Lucas Wilson. I got you, my boy. Mat five is up and ready to go. We're waiting on a sick match. You guys want me to let my dog in the room? I think she's at the door. Here, I'm going to let her in real quick. Kona. You want to come here? Kona wanted to come in, but she's a little camera shy. There we go. What's up, girl? Say what's up to everybody. Here, jump up here. So they can see you. Jump up. All right, there we go. We got Kona in the house. Kona's watching. Say something to them. Yep. Let them know. Which which division are you most excited for? She said she said 88. All right, girl. All right, there you guys go. A little Kona appearance on the stream. We got double Peruvians going right now. Lucas Luciano and George Escudero repping for for Peru. 88 woman of great taste, yeah. Kona knows what's up. Kona knows ball. Kona knows ball, so so don't get it twisted. There's going to be another tough one on mat five, you're saying, Lucas? All right, I might have to switch Alpha mat six. This just uh it's struggling. It is struggling on mat six to keep up. Let's go to Hugo Hubinho. Let's see what Hubinho's up to. Let's check in on little old Hubinho, ADCC veteran. If that's him. Yeah, I think it is him. Look at this medic. Look at the medic coming across the screen right here. Just a green pants medic, sick. My preferred medic is in Brazil, especially at Brasileiro's. A lot of times there's a guy who looks like a wizard with like gray hair and a long gray beard and he walks around in a lab coat, like a long white lab coat. And that's what I want from my jiu-jitsu event medical staff is I want to be in full lab coat. Looks like that's Horse something happened to his knee. Little leg Little leg got a hold of Horse's leg. Yeah, minus 66 350 athletes, minus 99 53 athletes. Yeah, definitely some discrepancies when it comes to division size in some of these divisions. Definitely feels like 66 77 um huge divisions. Obviously, you know, not as many big boys running around. Let me Let me check these division size real real quick. Yeah, 77 has 330. Oh, wait. Something's I'm off with with how this is loading. Yeah, some of the divisions It should Looks like the quarterfinals are filling out for a lot of these. Oh, we got Daniel Big Daniel coming up. A little bit of like an internet sensation out of Melky school. What's up, Trashman? We back, baby. We back like we never left. They tried to keep us down. We said no way. Yeah, dude. You got to remember that doc. The the the the great He has like flowy gray hair and then a long gray beard. He's straight up a wizard, dude. Sickest medic in all the game. What have you been up to, Trashman? What have you What have you been doing in the uh in the week between last stream and this stream? You just been freaking just I assume on the trash route, just collecting uh collecting bins and whatnot. If the name holds true. Larenas says jiu-jitsu? Yes, jiu-jitsu. Yeah, it's just a little bit of jiu-jitsu if you're interested. Wait, is this the match you were saying, Lucas, that's coming up that's going to be a sick match? Big Daniel versus Jonathas Lopes. Got arm barred today, Trashman. Not in this stream you didn't. You can You can say whatever you want happened, so I'll give you an opportunity to send another and say psych, arm barred smashed everybody at the gym today. You don't got to admit to getting arm barred here. In this in this stream in this chat, we paint our own narratives. The most important role in the gym is not the actual, you know, 6 minutes, 7 minutes that takes place during when the when the clock is on. You got to win the role before and after the role. I I know it's Daniel Big Big. I just don't like saying that. It sounds weird, right? Um Big Big is a bubble gum in Brazil? For real? That's why they call him that? That bee was bubble gum, so he had to chew it? Uh they do not do an absolute category in trials. I'm interested in this Daniel Big Big like Daniel Gum thing. I didn't know that was why he got the name. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That's crazy. Shout out Daniel Big Big. The bubble gum boy. Hell yeah, Trashman. Now we're talking. Got him in the old garbage bow and arrow. Just put him in the trash compactor. Pulled up on a on a freaking side loader, huh? Dumped them off. Make sure you keep those bins 5 ft apart. So, why do they call him Daniel Big Big? Why is he named after bubble gum? Yeah, I've seen he's doing seminars and stuff. Getting a little crazy with the internet fame and just doing seminars. Yeah, I mean, I don't I don't know, man. It's like, you know, sometimes I worry jiu-jitsu has become a Instagram first sport and more people are are focused on trying to like win the internet game before they win the jiu-jitsu matches, which like who am I to say? Here I am, you know, on the internet uh just doing stuff, but yeah, I don't know. I was watching cuz Pans is coming up. We got Pans uh We got Pans coming up and I was digging up some old Pans archives. I was making a uh a Leandro Lo article. Obviously, Leandro Lo, absolute legend, one of the greatest ever do it. One of the most electric athletes to ever grace the sport of jiu-jitsu, to be honest. Just a just an enigma of a person, like a a just a captive bait captivating individual. And in 2017, he won his first double gold Pan championship. He fought Tanner Rice in the heavyweight final and then he fought Joa Gabriel Rocha in the absolute final. So, I was watching those matches back and in the in the absolute final against Joa Gabriel Rocha, Joa Gabriel Rocha just like full sends a drop seoi nage just out of nowhere. Just sends a full drop seoi nage against Leandro Lo. And it was just like it kind of blew my mind cuz I was like I feel like right now we don't see a dude just popping off, just going full send in the absolute final of Pans with a drop seoi nage. And it just felt like it just everything about it, you know, even 2017 wasn't too long ago, like 9 years ago, you know. It just everything about it felt different. Like all the stuff in the background, the athletes, the the style of match. I was just like I don't think we would see somebody go full send on a drop seoi nage now in the absolute finals of Pans. And there's something cool about that, you know. There's something cool about that. Just dudes willing to just go out there and just do crazy techniques. Just put it on the line. Via Pra Sa Luta? Um we're going to the fight or something like that. Might have to translate that for me, Malulu. Yeah, I mean, there's nothing more sick than a gi event where dudes are are doing legitimate judo throws. So sick to watch. Did Lucas Luciano just beat Rafael Paganini? Wow. There's one for the Peruvians. There's one for Peru. Will it show the fight? Yeah, we're showing the fights right now. Yeah, Trashman, you got to run with that, dude. Put him in the trash compactor. I think that's If you know Su Wara, Su Wara has a move called the trash compactor. It's like a scarf hold. Yeah, looking at like 2000s worlds uh tape, it's just like it's just like different, you know. And obviously, there's always going to be some nostalgia, you know. It's hard You know, it's often times once the years pass and we look back on something from a different time, maybe it wasn't better, maybe it wasn't that different, but you know, the nostalgia factor makes you kind of makes you like live in that moment a little bit and it makes you reignite the feelings you had back at that time when life was simpler, you know. Things were easy. Drop seoi nages were flowing like the river itself. Everybody was screaming, ripping their gis. It was nuts. The the the match footage might not have changed much. The archive footage. Yeah, Tomoe nage is sick, too. All right. Looks like top right we're about to get Erberth Brandao versus Watermelon Head, Guilherme Fernandes. I don't know if that's his official nickname, but that's what Diogo Haye has always called him to me, so I always call Guilherme Fernandes Watermelon Head. And I don't think that's because it's bubble gum. I think he's got a big melon. &gt;&gt; And then it also looks like bottom left Bianca Gionnini's about to come out. Uh she's a beast from Argentina. I think she could have a chance of making the finals. She made the finals the first trials, but then she lost to uh Montserrat Perez. But also Maysa is in this bracket. So, anytime Maysa is in a bracket, it's hard to bet against her. Maysa's just an absolute killer. Yeah, Joey Gilbs Joey Gilbs is uh a bit of a judo aficionado as well. A lot people don't know that about him, you know, jujitsu black belt, but also a judo aficionado. So, Joe's got some judo for you guys. If you want to If you want to talk You want to talk judo, you know, you want to talk Kodokan judo, Joe's your guy. I have a Kodokan judo book, but once I figure out how to read, then it's going to be over with, dude. I'm about about to hit everybody with the craziest stuff. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I will say this too though, as much as I love a good judo throw, I'm not a guard denier in jujitsu. I feel like a lot of times this this modern uh guard denier wave has hit the sport, I think the guard is the essence of jujitsu. That's what makes jujitsu jujitsu, you know, is using a guard, submitting people from your guard, having a dangerous guard. So, I do love some good guard work as well. Like Levi Jones Watching Levi Jones-Leary play guard is incredible. Like I could watch Levi play guard all day. This cameraman bottom left, he's trying to figure it out, but he's struggling so far. But he'll he'll lock in. He's just got to get warmed up. This cameraman just got to get warmed up, you know. He's just starting the day. It's kind of like us. We got to get warmed up, you know what I mean? I got to get warmed up here on the stream. You guys got to get warmed up here there in the chat. And then uh this cameraman's got to get warmed up there on the mats. Got her. Yeah, guard is what made the jujitsu famous in the UFC for sure. I've been hearing if the the NCAA wrestling championships are going on right now. Mat madness, you know. March madness. I I've been hearing word that Joey Blaze is ripping some jujitsu technique in his wrestling matches. Joey Blaze is uh I think he wrestles out of Purdue. He made the semi-finals of the NCAA championship. And he also trains at with Dante Leon, some of those guys. But I heard he uh Reed was telling me this that he was like he a dude was going for a takedown on him. Joey Blaze was able to like basically go to a butterfly guard and try to sweep the guy over, but negate the takedown because of using the butterfly guard on the guy's hips or something. And then also they were ended up in like a 50/50 type of position and he was like feeding the other leg under almost like he was going into X guard. If Joey Blaze is out there doing jujitsu techniques at the highest level of wrestling in the in the NCAA championship, I don't know that's I guess that's not like a world level, but still it's super high level, insane. That is so sick, dude. All jujitsu guys need to be supporting Joey Blaze. If If he's going out there in, you know, the highest level of college wrestling and repping some jujitsu technique, integrating it into his wrestling game, there's nothing more sick than that. Like it's jujitsu guys try to do a little wrestling, not always super well, but it's always sick when a jujitsu guy does pull off some sick like some slick wrestling, but a wrestler pulling off some jujitsu technique, that's badass, dude. So, we got to we got to ride with Joey Blaze when he's out there on the wrestling mats. The alley cats got to rep Joey Blaze. Yeah, that's part of the problem, trashman, is like the uh there's so much nuance to the guard that it like makes it very it makes it very hard to um like for a casual person to understand what's going on, but then just like once you get into it, it's like you understand how sick and impressive guard really is. So, you know, spread the good word. Pass Pass the good word along about the guard. Yeah, Joe said NCAA Division 1 wrestling is the highest level of that style. Okay, there we go. So, I guess uh what is like freestyle is would be like the world level. Can you edit that? You know what else is badass? The quad box, baby. They can't stop the quad box. People are coming for the quad box. We might get quad box I'm pretty sure big 10's or someone some wrestling thing. I'm pretty sure they were trying to trying to throw out the quad box as well. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. This is the real quad box, all right? This I might have to trademark this. We can't let anybody else steal the You see somebody else throwing out there the quad box, you tell them nah, nah, nah, nah. Hold their tongue. Watch what they're saying around the boys when it comes to the quad box. This time there's no Magid to stop a robbery decision against Emerson. I mean, didn't Did Magid lose to Didn't Magid fight Bautista? You think that one was a robbery? Quad box maxing. Yeah. We're quad box maxing right now. Emerson has Gabriel Brose next, so that's going to be tough for him. Might not be a Magid, but there's going to be a Gabriel Brose standing in his way. Yeah, looks like Gustavo Bautista beat Magid. He's got Joalis next. There we go. D1 NCAAs is folk style. Freestyle is like international. It's a very hard fight against Gabriel Brose. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; What we got going on up here? We got any scrappy pool alerts? You guys let me know if there's a scrappy pool alert. I don't want to miss it. What's going on right now? They're going to cut her hair? What's happening? What are these refs doing? What are these refs doing and why is that ref's shorts so tight? Get him Get him out of here. Yeah. There we go, cameraman. Get it Get that guy's shorts off the screen. Those were way too tight to be streaming live to the millions and millions and millions and millions of people watching right now. What else we got going on? We got Maysa on mat one. Uh I'm switching mat five to mat one. See Maysa. The quad father. That's right. Let them know. I'm the quad father of the quad box. It's one of my finest creations. One of my finest pieces of work is the quad box and thou shall know me as the quad father. Maysa's going right now. Where's Felipe Machado versus Henrique? Uh did they already go or is that one coming up? Let me check. Let me check the intelligence department of the stream and see what we can find. It's coming up. So, we haven't gotten to it yet. We'll be watching that one soon enough, Gabriel. So, don't you worry. Don't you worry a little second. We'll be watching that one soon enough. Don't stress it, all right? All right, big boy. Don't you stress it, Daniel, either. We'll be watching Felipe Machado versus Henrique soon enough. What's going on? Are they like Is this like a greasing thing or something? It's like blood time? I don't know what's going on. Got this dude's tiny little red shorts back on the stream. Hmm. Ooh, Maysa's got got a nasty choke locked up. I don't know if she's going to finish in time. Moe's involved. Hey, oh, let's go, Gabriel. I'm a little I'm a little tired this morning, boys. I'll keep getting amped up. I'll keep getting locked in. I was up late playing Arc Raiders. I've been gooping like a madman. There's goop out there on top side and I got to have it all. Oh, damn. Harley Brandao just jumped to the Did he That was a That was a sketchy little Harley Brandao just jumped to the back. Watermelon head rolled through. And then he kind of gave him a little tap, but I think it was to let him know the time was up. You don't want the visual of you tapping there at the end to influence the judges, either, though, to be honest. Even if it was to let your teammate or your opponent know that it was time. Ooh, Julia going belly down on a little heel hook. I can't tell how much of a bite she had. Oh, it looks Oh. Back into the 50/50. Maysa, the wrestler, top left. I'm going to go grab a protein bar real quick. I haven't eaten anything yet today, so I'm going to go snag that real quick. While I'm gone, everybody behave. If I find out you guys were acting up while I'm gone, then, you know, we're going to have to have We're going to have to have a serious talk. While I'm gone, Trashman, you're in charge. I'm putting Trashman in charge. Be right back. Are you guys behaving? Huh? Were you guys behaving or not? Trashman, fill me in. What's the status report? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Joe said, "What the hell?" Yeah, you would think Joe would get put in charge, but you know, Trashman's here, so. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You might think it's a huge mistake putting you in charge, Trashman, but I know exactly what I'm doing. I need a rambunctious little rascal like you to really, really in this rowdy group of fellows. I need a little rambunctious rascal like Trashman to really in this rowdy group of fellows. Go ahead and type up your uh your full report for me, Trashman. Let me know how everybody was doing. Who was chatting, who wasn't chatting. Fill me in. So I can update the current chatters leaderboard. Joe, look at me. This is a private leaderboard I have where I rank all of my favorite chatters. And if you want to be on the leaderboard, then you got to be making it happen. You got to be saying funny stuff. You got to be consistent throughout the whole stream. This is a highly serious uh ranking system that I do and I don't take it lightly. And it's as of right now, it's a secret sys- it's a secret ranking. But I I might unveil it one of these streams and let you guys know. So I would be putting in the work now. We're in the early phases of the rankings. It's a big It's a good time to good time to have a heavy influence on where you fall in the ranking system. So I would make sure and make it happen now, boys. All my boys watching on TV, I know a lot of you guys watch on your TV, pull out the phone. Get it up on two screens. Let's run the numbers up. Get it on your phone and on your TV so you can chat on your phone, watch on your TV. The list can change at any time. Like Joe said, the list can change at any time. It's It's updated frequently. Maysa got the dubski there. Cracking open a Jaco Go so we can get things turned up a notch. Shout out Jaco Go. Everybody You know, let's get Jaco Let's get Jaco Go sponsoring the show. Everybody go DM Jaco Go. Go comment on their last post and say, "Hey, sponsor Trey's live streams." I think uh Jaco's daughter, Ranna, has another big match coming up. Good for her. She keeps killing it. It's been cool to see Ranna kind of like When Ranna first started competing, it's like you don't really know. It's like, "Okay, yeah, she obviously has some notoriety because she's Jaco's daughter." It's almost like Sara McMann, you know? It's like, "Oh, this is Andre Galvao's daughter." Like but then Ranna has been like legitimately taking big matches, winning big events, winning brackets where it's like, "Oh, shit, she's no joke." Um she's no joke at all. Like she's for real, so that's been cool to see. Thanks for hopping in, Joe. Shout out Winston and Wilbur. Hopefully them boys are, you know, satiated from their walk. Got to get a Yukon sponsor? A Yukon like the vehicle? &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; JP Bogo said, "BJJ and Arc Raiders, sign me in, brother." That's what I'm talking about. I've been just gooping like a madman, bro. Can't stop myself. Staying up way too late. I've had to give up sleeping so that I'm able to, you know, accomplish my duties in this job as well as goop to the level I've been wanting to goop at. I was talking to somebody, a notable athlete in jiu-jitsu who plays Arc Raiders. You know, and I was talking to him a a couple weeks ago and I was like all excited about Arc and I was like, "Oh, dude, how many Like I got like 40K space dollars and like 10 blueprints." He started laughing at me. In front of all my friends, too. Never been more embarrassed. So I started dedicating myself. I started grinding. I started putting in more time so that I now have over a million space dollars and like closer to 60, like 50 plus blueprints. So I've been messing around, dude. It's not a joke to me. See, believe, and achieve. Applies to many things in life. Jiu-jitsu and Arc Raiders. Should I just mess around and start an Arc Raiders stream? You guys want me to stream Arc Raiders, you let me know, all right? I don't know if Flo would let me do it on here, but I can fire up a I can fire up my own channel. Start just streaming Arc Raiders. What I have thought about doing on the FloGrappling channel, I've thought about streaming uh UFC the video game and building go doing like a story mode or a career mode and making a jiu-jitsu guy and streaming trying to make a jiu-jitsu guy uh a grappler win the belt. Do it on Flo, you only live once. Yeah, true. Might have to. That's a good point. The Black Ops division do They We do whatever we want here in the Black Ops division. Might as well stream Arc Raiders on Flo. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm still not seeing Felipe Machado versus Henrique up yet. But we got our eyes on it. We got our eyes on it. Mat five is Horbinho. Mat five. All right, we can go to mat five. There we go. Good call out. Beting and Gailani Cardoso. Good call out. Getting uh Horbinho in the mix against Marcelo Fausta, too. Should be sick. Yeah, Arc Raiders is pretty dope. All right, it looks like bottom left we're going to have Martin Abel versus Ignacio Rodriguez. Couple Argentina guys going up against each other. I feel like in the last trials, everybody was pretty high on Martin Abel. I think he trains at Kingsway now. He's out of Argentina, so a lot of people were shouting him out during the last stream. Marcelo Fausta versus Horbinho. Could be a super sick match. This match could be absolutely insane, but it also could get a little boring if I'm being honest and realistic. I'm hoping it airs on the side of being a super sick match. But it could also be boring. But let's hope for a super sick match. A scrappy pooler, if you will. JP, you want my sources? I can't be going [laughter] out there and giving away my sources. Who I'm talking to about Arc, you know? Adam Wirtzinski was in uh Austin recently for a seminar and he stayed with me while he was here. I had him playing Arc every night. It was so funny, dude. Like Adam trying to figure out how to play Arc Raiders and he just immediately was getting addicted to it. But I was running friendly solos. So, I was just gooping up, killing killing Arc and then getting out. Oh, Marcelo Fausta hit on the armbar. And Adam was just getting so into it, but then Adam was like, "Bro, let's start killing people." And so, Adam just took the controller and was just freaking bopping people in Arc Raiders. It was so funny. Oh man, we got Josh Flores versus Fabian Ramirez. This kind of like a bummer of a match. This is like a the sensei and the student type of vibe. Tatami three. What's going on on mat three? I'll put this one on mat three cuz this these guys are I don't even know what they're doing. But I don't like it. Oh my goodness. Joe Jeremillo Lopez, chill with the tatami three spam, okay? I'll put it up there, but I don't like the spam. Now I feel like you're yelling at me. I don't want to get yelled at by you to put up mat three. Catalina de Souza one. Tatami five. Constanza and Serenin and tatami five. This is tatami five is down here. It's bottom right. Larissa Lima, don't spam tatami five. It's bottom right. Mat five is bottom right. Trashman, go ahead and take care of everybody spamming tatami five for me. Go ahead, Trashman. Put them in the trash compactor. Go ahead, Trashman. Put them in the trash compactor. Let them know how we do things around here. Got some stream buffering issues going on right now, boys. Sorry about that. Sorry about that. Not ideal for anybody. Tatami three and tatami five are up. Yeah, right this way. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Eso tatami trace. Eso. Eso. Eso tatami undois trace quatro. Eso tatami cinco. Que isso, porra? Tá bom? Tá bom? Tá bom? There we go. How's that? What are your favorite uh gyms to train at in Austin? Do you get to roll at the gyms you film across the country? Um I get to I get to train at some of them sometimes as you know, we're just like locked in on trying to do our job, to be honest. So, not always. But I get to train at a lot of them. De- definitely throughout the years I've trained at a lot of them. My favorite gyms to train in Austin, I train full-time at Paragon in South Austin. Uh it's pretty sick. A good good call out, Trashman. Live. Live. Live. Live. All right, we're live on all four. Uh Paragon's an awesome gym. Super fun gym. You know, great crew of people there. East Austin Jiu Jitsu Parlor super sick right now. Kind of like newer on the east side, but it's a bunch of guys who came together and are OG Austin Jiu Jitsu guys. And they kind of built a a gym with a sick vibe. So, I like training both of those. I like going to I used to go to the Val open mat a lot, but I live kind of further away from Val now, which is harder to harder to get there. But I do like the Val open mat on Sunday. That's a good good training up there with the Val boys. You are going to transmit the youth trials? Um I don't know. When is it? Eli chegando. Kkkkkkkkk. Somebody translate. He's something. Somebody tell me what Eli chegando means. Is is Fernand is Fernand? Is he talking a little smack? Tatami five. Kkkkkkk. You guys trolling You guys trolling me in Portuguese? That's not cool. You can't troll me in a language I don't know. Eso tatami shi- shinko. Que isso? Um caralho. I know the I know the bad words. Tomorrow is the youth trials? It's the Brazilian youth trials for the world championship? I know kkkk is laughing. You can also say RS for like lol. Kkkkkkkkk. I just like saying it as kkkkkkkkk. I think that's funny. But what does Eli chegando mean? Lucha de Pietro Lechesi. Kkkkkkkkk que cara engraçado. All right, I'm hitting the Google machine. This better not be something bad. Is that a meme? You hit me with a meme? What a greased What a funny guy? All right. All right, with the literal translation said, yeah, all I can swear in Portuguese. He's swearing. All right, all right, yeah. Eu muito uh how do you say bad? Bad boy? I want I know how to say like naughty, but that's a little weird to say, right? Like sabado? That's a little weird. I don't want to say that. You You are You so fun cara engraçado. The literal translation of that is what a greased face, but I'm seeing that it translates to what a funny guy. So, if you call me a funny guy, I appreciate it. If you call me a greased face, I don't know how I feel about it, you know? I might have to chuck a little knock on side if you're calling me a a greased face. Is safado bad boy or is it like Is it got like a weirder connotation? Is Portuguese lesson brought to you by the FloGrappling live stream? &gt;&gt; Oben yo with the dub ski there. Marcelo Facio went ahead and took the shirt off for good measure at the end. What happens to the person who wins the trials? Who qualifies or how does it work? All right, thanks. That's a good question, Santino. Thank you for asking that. So, basically, this is ADCC trials right now. There's two trials for multiple regions across the world. So, there's North American trials, South American trials, Asian Oceania trials. There's European Africa trials. Um Maybe I'm forgetting one, I don't know. But someone qualifies for each weight division. So, 66 kilos, 77, 88, minus 99, over 99. And then the females only qualify during one of the trials cuz the bracket's smaller and they have minus 55, minus 65, and plus 65. The person who wins trials and qualifies for the ADCC World Championship. So, the ADCC World Championship is September 12th and 13th, I believe, in Krakow, Poland. Um you know, one of the largest and biggest shows in grappling. And so, they qualify for the for the bracket there. Okay, yes. Yeah, I thought Sefado was more like naughty. I don't want to say that. Caramo? Bad boys like Caramo? Something like that. But, to be honest You so vagabundo. Muito preguiça, you know. I know that one. When I go to Brazil, I just tell everyone that I'm a vagabundo. Muito vagabundo. Muito vagabundo. Mat one is Emerson and Broge. Good call out. That's what I'm talking about. We ain't just spamming to Tommy 5. We're actually giving the good call outs for big matches. That's what I'm talking about, BTing. BTting? BTting, my boy? You just improved your position in the chat rankings. They put the fight of Pietro Lucchesi. Who is that? Is he nasty? Uh Pietro Lucchesi lucha muito? Lucha muito? Lucha muito bom? All right, here we go. Felipe Machado and Henrique top right. This one's sick. Lucha muito, huh? Yeah, no problem, Santino. Thanks for asking, man. Ela é brava. She is angry. Mat five is up there, isn't it? Did I take it off? All right, I'm putting this on mat five for you. Boom. You guys love mat five. Ooh, Gustavo Batista is coming up, too. All right. Dois luchas grandes agora, pequena, Guilherme Vaz, Igor Altro, Gabriel Broge. So, we got two big fights going on now. Um &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, what are you saying? What happened up here? Felipe Machado got the sub. I'm trying I'm trying to translate Portuguese in my head. Missed it. He's got like a little a little darce or anaconda. All right. Felipe Machado won. Luchadora fight very well. She's angry. I knew that one. I translated that one correctly. We got Charles Negromonte coming up, too. Josh Flores beat Fabian. That's kind of crazy. All right, we got Batista coming up top right against Joao Assis. Ooh, this is getting this is getting where it's getting the quad box is the quad box is about to pop off. I mean, the quad box is about to go nuts. Uh Stop. Let Felipe Machado and Henrique go. Sorry. All right, so here we go. We've got Bom Bom bottom left. Charles Negromonte top left. Batista top right. Is there anybody we're missing? And Guietan Bueno's also up. Seems like we're in a good spot. Feels like we're in a good spot here, everybody. Put get Guilherme Andrade now. No. What now, Renato? Pietro fight very well. She's angry. Guilherme Andrade isn't going yet. His mat is empty. I'm watching on my 14th monitor. You know what happened in Did you guys see what happened in Batista's fight? Did it Are they switching it or something messed up? What's up, Nico? How are you, bro? This is the part of the live stream where I eat a protein bar now. Mat one is bottom left. Mat five is bottom right. You guys got to get your ducks in a row before you come at the at the quad father, all right? All right, I'm going to sit quietly for a second and Yeah, Nico, we're struggling with some some internet uh issues down in Brazil. So, the stream isn't highest quality. I apologize for that. You know, obviously, it's like sucks for me to watch like this. It sucks for you guys to watch like this. Not ideal. Um so yeah. Sorry about that, man. You know, hopefully, we can we can improve it and do better next time. But, definitely some some internet problems going on. Same protein bar as last week. Kabang. All right, I'm going to sit quietly and eat this real quick. &gt;&gt; All right, that concludes the segment where I sit quietly and eat a protein bar. I saw somebody ask what happened with your Saulo Ribeiro's fight. I don't think it's happened yet. I checked in with my intelligence department, which just means my other monitor, and it doesn't say the match has happened yet, so I don't know. They must have just had to go out of order for some reason. Um maybe someone wasn't ready or something, but &gt;&gt; [snorts] [clears throat] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Stop trying to make eye contact with us with us while eating the protein bar. I like to just, you know, I give you guys the opp- If you guys If you guys want to stare me in the eyes while I eat a protein bar, I want to give you that opportunity. So, it's up to you or not whether you look at me or or the four matches going on. So, you know, just want to give you guys options. If that's your thing, I want to make sure I'm I'm, you know, offering it up. I don't worry. It's understood all places have the same connection of structures that are Yeah. That's right. That's right, Nico. I like that attitude. That's why you're my boy, Nico. Nico, I don't know if you were here earlier, I was saying that I have a secret ranking of all the chatters, uh and I'm, you know, I'm ranking all you guys based on, you know, frequency, going throughout the the going throughout the talking throughout the stream, saying funny stuff, all of that. And I got a ranking that I'm updating frequently with my favorite chatters. Maybe I'll publish the list one day. Maybe I won't. But, you know, the list can change at any moment. A message like that, that's going to bump you up, Nico. I like that. Overcome and adapt, that's what it's all about. Yeah, I haven't uh caught a lot of the Chileans today. I don't think it's been going good for him. I don't think it's been going good for him. We're We're riding with Chile. But, I don't think it's been going good for him. Do you watch MMA? Yeah, I mean, I watch MMA. I used to be I used to watch like everything in MMA. Like, I was watching like as much as I could, to be honest. UFC, Bellator, like One, everything. But, &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; I I've kind of fallen off a little bit. I'm not as hip to everything going on in MMA as I was at one point. I kind of just watch like so much jiu-jitsu that I guess it like uh leads me to not watching as much MMA now. Yeah, no. As a as a former and current Chilean, I am sad that they've been knocked off. I was I was excited for some Chileans to get some big dubs and get to sing the Chilean song I learned last week. Yeah, MMA does it seems to have like a like a little bit of a star issue, right? Like um I mean, at one point in time it was like I mean, just they just had insane stars. Like, I feel like I've talked to some people who have said that they've kind of intentionally tried to make it where no stars like bigger than the brand, you know, so they can kind of control it better. Cuz obviously it's like Conor McGregor kind of gets to call his shots and everything, even like Jon Jones and stuff. But, yeah, it just doesn't feel like they have quite as big of personalities and and athletes as they did kind of in that that little era there. It's probably also a mix that just like like the level has raised so much that like the floor is much higher than it used to be. There used to be like a bigger gap, and now it's kind of like you know, there's so many good dudes in MMA now. Garry Tonon is still not fighting, just so you guys know. I'm keeping an eye on it. I'm keeping an eye on it. We got Yara Soares is up, though. Are you guys watching Vinicius Lessa versus Rafael Trabuco? I guess you guys are always talking about mat five, so I'll keep mat five, but then I'm going to switch this to the Yara match, cuz I want to watch Yara Soares. I want to watch Yara Soares, and you guys can't stop me. Whoa. Whoa, what's this ad we're watching right now? I'm def- I'm definitely not going to go download that. Definitely not going to download that as soon as this stream's over. Couldn't be me. Am I right, boys? Am I right? Rafael Ramos up next. I'll keep my peepers glued to it. I'll keep my peepers glued. Okay, here we go. It looks like looks like someone Is Garry Tonon Gracie Barra? Or is Jardel de Oliveira Gracie Barra? It looks like someone is warming up for the Garry Tonon match. I can see him slapping himself. Mano isso as lutas do Vinicius Lessa é sempre a mesma coisa. Do you think Sean Brady could handle Islam grappling? Um What's the jiu-jitsu event Sean Brady did recently? Like Fury or something? Seems to have some grappling chops for sure, but does it I mean, Islam Makhachev seems like one of the best grapplers in MMA right now. I'd probably lean Islam. Like I said, I don't know. I'm a little out of touch with the MMA stuff. Definitely a casual. Look at this. Look at this. That ref was uh got caught in a freeze frame while he was yelling. Put Jardel match. I'm waiting for it to start. But, I will, Lucas. Don't you worry. Charles Negromonte gets the win. You don't want to wake up the lion, brother. You don't want to wake up the lion. 3:00. Felipe Machado, he's uh he's been winning. All right, here you go. Everybody rejoice. Everybody rejoice. Garry Tonon is on the screen. The moment everyone's been waiting for. This better be a sick fight. About to get hit with the clover leaf. Garry Tonon lost. I think Batista's up. Jardel won. Ooh. Garry Tonon lost. Shout out Felipe Pena on the screen. "Will we see you on the mats at 2028 ADCC Worlds?" Trey asked Ben Kovacs. Yeah, you'll see me on the mats with my shoes on. Cuz I don't know a little something about R E S P E C T. You know what I'm saying? I'm You so kind of mild, you know? I'm a bad boy. I'll get on those mats, and I'll do it with my shoes on. What we got going on here? Batista versus Joa Assis. Mat five. I click off of mat five for two seconds and you guys are calling for mat five again. You guys are addicted to mat five. All right? I think you guys have a serious problem. I need to talk to you guys about your addiction to mat five. There's a lot of mats out there. I think you guys should really spread out your viewership, spread out the love of the mats. It can't always be about only mat five. Sometimes it's got to be about other mats, too. But let me check. Maybe the match is sick. It's Carolina Cur versus Cecilia Cons- Constanza. Who What's What's Pietra Lucchesi's real name? Is that her full name? We got Maysa coming up top right. Who got a little something in her eye? Put Arley's match. What match is he on? What match is he on? Mat six. Mhm. All right, this one seems to be bugging. So, let me go this one, mat six. And then I'll switch this one to mat five. You guys are addicted to mat five, I'll give you mat five. You got to give the people what they want. There you go. So, this is little leg, Guiherme Souza versus Arley Brandao. A young milky kid, purple belt. Probably 16 or 17. Arley Brandao is Arley Pacheco, right? If I'm not mistaken, can someone verify for me that Arley Brandao is Arley Pacheco? Have you ever made a tier list of submissions? If not, let me tell you it's really fun. I have. I'm going to send the link right now. Give me one second. I'm going to send you the link. We did it with Nicky Ryan. There you go. That's us tier listing the best and worst jiu-jitsu submissions with young Nicky Ryan. Check that out for you guys' viewing pleasure. Pull it up on your second and uh your second monitor. Watch it alongside this, same time. All right, we got some Chilean representation here with Cecilia. So, you guys know we got to ride with Cecilia for that Chi- Chilean representation. Chi chi chi le le le that I viva Chile. Chi chi chi le le le viva Chile. Chi chi chi le le le viva Chile. Viva Chile. You guys know what I'm talking about. S tier Americana, trash man. You might be a bad guy if that's your S tier. You might just be a bad bad guy. We got a scrappy pool alert top right, Maysa versus Tainana. Looks like Arley Pacheco is on a leg here. We got some uh some weird stream lag thing going on where we can see Arley Pacheco and little leg in the bottom on the bottom mat as well as the top left mat. Just completely different positions. Um we're bending time and reality with these streams. You never truly know what's real and what's not when you enter the quad box. Once you enter the quad box, you're transported to a distant land of jiu-jitsu ferocity, submissions flying, and uh uh I ran out of cool things to say, but you guys get the point. It's about the quad box and how it bends reality. Space and time itself doesn't exist within the quad box. So, keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. Stay frosty. Stay frosty in the chat because nothing could be real. Guiherme host, you are the best. Thanks, man. No problem, brother. I appreciate it. Thank you for the support. Appreciate you guys tuning in. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Look at Look at Maysa getting scrappy. I love when Maysa gets scrappy. There's nothing cooler than just a scrappy Maysa. She's always so calm and collected, you know? I like when she gets after it. Oh my goodness, little leg just submitted Arley Pacheco. That's kind of crazy. I'm going to rewind that back real quick. Did he take the He took the back off the leg and take him down or Got the back. Man, these milky kids, bro. These milky kids are something different. It's insane what they're doing out there. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Wow. Shout out little leg. That's crazy. That's a crazy win. F tier darce. Trash man, you're probably You're the opposite of when people are like it was more of a crank. You're probably like pissed off whenever it's more of a more of a choke, huh? Like you're like It was kind of more of a choke, dude. Didn't even crank. You guys are riding with the Americana? Um what's going on? I saw Pantoja earlier, but I haven't seen him in a bit. I'm not sure what happened. Oh, we're getting artsy with the the close-up shot of Maysa. Let's just keep him in the frame, cameraman. We don't got to get artsy with it. &gt;&gt; [cough and clears throat] &gt;&gt; Montserrat Perez, bottom right. That one over. Oh, Maria Luisa. Between this and split screen frenzies, I've been getting a whole lot of video input these past two days. That's what I'm talking about. Honestly, like throw these up at the same time. Even if you got to rewatch one of them just to have them up. Let's get Let's get a quad box over here, split screen over there, and then maybe like something else on your third monitor. For your fourth, fifth, and sixth monitor, your pick, you know, just whatever you like on those ones. J Mac D, were you Did you watch Joey Blaze? I was shouting out Joey Blaze earlier. I know he lost the semifinals, but uh you know, rumor has it he's been Oh, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; what just happened? I just got booted. Did I just Did I just lose my Flo membership? Now you guys see my email. Don't email me. One second. We're switching over to the chatting screen. We going octobox, maybe. All right, let me see here. Mhm. See if I can log back in real quick. What if you guys just watched me get fired live and I lost my Flo account because Flo fired me for for running the black ops stream, huh? That would be nuts. One of you has to step up uh One of you has to step up and let me live with you if that happens. Go ahead and everybody just sort it out in the comments. Go ahead and fight over who who I live with if I get fired from Flo. And then uh we'll go from there. All right, let's go back to the quad box. We're not done yet. Boom. Yeah, time to stream Arc Raiders. True, if the stream drops again if the if the stream completely drops, I'm switching over to Arc Raiders and we're going to goop. There's bigger fish to fry. Um yeah, but uh Joey Blaze jiu-jitsu guy, you know? Max trains him at Purdue, but also he trains with Dante and Max at uh Adamas in Toledo. He's a purple belt. Heard he was mixing in a little bit of that uh little bit of that jiu-jitsu in those wrestling game, you know? So, we ride with Joey Blaze. That's awesome to see a wrestler at that level mixing in some jiu-jitsu. There we got Pantoja up also, by the way. Let's goop. I I didn't see nobody in the chat, you know, saying I could stay with them if I lose my job, if I fall on hard times, you know? So, uh what's up with that? What's up with that, you know? Little old Trey needs needs the chat. You guys are quick to say to Tommy 5 to Tommy 5. Little old Little old Trey needs you guys for something. Crickets. Okay. All right. No, no, no, no, no, no, I'm start I'm starting to see. I'll power through it, but it hurts. But I'll power through. Yeah, we got we got Felipe Machado and Kawai Gabriel top right coming up. We got Emerson vs. Gabriel Brose top left. We got the Peruvian Nicolas and Samuel bottom left, and then Pantoja Joao Costa. Joao Costa tough guy to beat, but Pantoja looked great last uh last trials. We'll see what he can do. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Maycee's on the back right now on the Tayane match. We back again, baby. We back takedown theory. Let the people know. Let the world know. Spread the word. We're back and better than ever. &gt;&gt; [screaming] [cheering] &gt;&gt; All [clears throat] right. What's going on? Oh my goodness. What's going on, boys? Where's You know today is about adversity and overcoming. There's my email again. Don't Don't email me. Unless you have something fun to say. Let me try and log in real quick. Boom, Maycee just won by points. For anybody who's curious. Uh you guys want to watch Julia Boscher's match or Lívia Gluchowska's match? I don't know what's going on with why it's like kicking me out. It must not know that the quadfather is getting getting active here, you know? Cuz it's it's trying to it's trying to pull us down, but we're not going to let it, boys. I'll share you password. Yeah, it's 1 2 3 password. Brose's match is still going on. Sorry, sorry. Let me get uh Oh, wait, it's up there. It's top left. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Pantoja gets the decision win over Joao Costa. That's insane, dude. Joao Costa is one of those guys who's just like he's in the bracket, disrupts kind of so many people, so hard to beat, and just makes it deep for a for a young kid like Pantoja to go out there and beat him in a decision is like That's impressive stuff, dude. Uh no, Brose lost the Rio Trials finals to Franco Diaz, the Peruvian. Franco Diaz was able to uh do this like little butterfly sweep to the back. It was pretty insane, to be honest with Lívia Gluchowska gets the win. So, Brose took silver last last week. Yeah, we got Weird Al out there reffing it up. Is that Cláudio Calasans? Is he in the Was he in the ref outfit or was that like a red like coaches bib? It's got to be a coaches bib, right? Imagine Cláudio Calasans is out there refereeing. I'm going to switch this. Uh Let me check real quick. I think it was the quarters. I'm pretty sure Jardel won the quarters, but &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was the quarters that Jardel won against Geremy Adra so he moved on to the semis. Uh where what mat is Machado sorry, it kicking me out got me a little uh got me a little mixed up on the mats. I'm not seeing Kawai vs. Felipe Machado right now. Did we miss it? No problem, Pedro. Um you guys know what match is mat it's going on? Is it going on right now? I can't I can't find it. I'm pretty sure it should be mat five, but nothing's going on on mat five, so I don't know. I don't know if Oh my goodness. They're They're trying to throw all the adversity at us today, boys. We're not letting it get us down, you know? I don't know I don't know if this is foul play. I don't know if somebody's trying to shut down the Black Ops division right now. I don't know what it is, but we're not letting it stop us. They can try as they might, it ain't going to work. They chose the wrong crew to try these tactics against. I apologize to you guys for this. I know it's frustrating for this to be happening, so my apologies. Um we'll get right back in. Here we go. Hard times create strong men, all right? And that's what we're about. Can you see the order of the fights? Answers in Portuguese. Seen. Seen uh você você tem ordem de luta com BJJ comp or comp now now now comp old on the lucha comp smooth comp.com Is the ice age still going on brother I got 14 jackets in my closet right now because the ice age is stronger than ever goop ice been holding it down for so long that people never even remember the time whenever they were warm they're chilled to the bone they're chilled to the bone because the ice age is stronger than ever it's colder than ever and you know what if you if you even think about going up to the you know the northeast side of the United States and you better pack two jackets [cheering] and maybe some hand warmers because it's the ice age is alive and strong. Answering Portuguese is funny. Do you speak Portuguese follow follow poco follow poco me amigo. Follow muito bad words follow muito bad words. All right Gabriel broach gets the win. All right here we go Pietro Lucchesi she fights angry as we know. I know get big boy redo approved the VIP trade East Coast trip I I know I'm talking to him Reed seems to be game I'm going to come out there to finish her and make some make something happen you know. If I could if I show up to finishers follow amigo if I show up to finishers and goop ice is out there I'm going to be so bundled up I'm going to show up more bundled up than you guys have ever seen a man be bundled up before. Be bundled up from head to tippy toe you won't even be able to you won't even know it's me it's like if you see me in the background of the stream you'll have no idea it's me but there will be a guy more bundled up than anyone you've ever seen before and just know that that's me preparing for the ice age. Reed's down though. Yeah I'm going to have to wear seven gees I'm going to wear socks with my gees shout out money bird. Whoa whoa whoa we had a OBS miss mess up there. I'm going to wear seven gees and 12 belts. All right now we got some technical difficulties. They don't want to see us succeed but we're going to do it anyways. Be fair your Portuguese is not bad at all huh thank you Rafael appreciate that my boy. Appreciate that. Obrigado obrigado. Beleza beleza Rafael beleza. How long we've been going on this here stream huh? Almost two hours. Jose Enacio is a beast dude. That's a scary man that's not that's not a guy you want to see coming up on your side of the bracket. Talk like that voce bravo. I'm not angry. Ooh Yaris Suarez Maria Rafaela coming up. I'm going to switch this to Yaris versus Maria Rafaela. Hopefully this one goes and then I don't know I might end it here soon to be honest with you boys. I think Ingrid Souza versus Maria Fernandez is also up. I don't know what happened to Felipe Machado versus uh Kawaii Gabriel. Oh voce bravo means you're savage as in really cool or something okay sick I thought it was is the literal translation angry for bravo but when you use like that it's like you're a savage that's sick appreciate that my boy appreciate that. Appreciate that for sure. Obrigado me amigo beleza. What's the other like more casual way to say thank you um can't remember. Valeu valeu that's what I was thinking of yeah valeu valeu. Thank you Rafael. Oh man I can see on my other monitors some boys going off the mats. You can see him in the background of this top right screen. Tamo junto that's another one right tamo junto valeu tamo junto. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I like the beleza. Felipe Pena is always hitting the beleza. Also like you know how everyone in in Portuguese like in Brazil in Portuguese they always hit you with like the tudo bom like all good you know it's like a greeting I like hitting the I like hitting tudo ótimo and I like hitting tranquilo tranquilo you know. Oi Trey sometimes people call me Thiago in Brazil cuz Trey's hard to say oi Thiago tudo bom tudo ótimo tudo ótimo me amigo. Or you know just like a tranquilo me amigo tranquilo let them know I'm chilling bro I'm chilling. I'm chilling the ice age is strong and I'm chilling. Tamo junto or mal that means brother. Thiago You know whenever I pull up in Brazil when I'm in Rio de Janeiro when I'm in Barra de Tijuca when I'm in you know Ipanema when I'm in Ipanema at the uh when I'm in Ipanema and I go to the beach Bisuco's you know and I'm getting that uh what what's that sandwich they got I always get the same sandwich. You know and they say they say voce Nami and I say Thiago. You Nami Thiago. Firmeza that's what's firmeza mean that's kind of cool. Valeu Colazinho I'm here loco already so I'm talking about tranquilo JP tranquilo. You Nami Thiago. You so Carioca you so Carioca. Valeu Tamo junto or mal &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; We just switched over to the Portuguese portion of the podcast or the the show here. Oh tsunami is your name. You is it you Nami? Or I just say tsunami Thiago. Say loco oi seita doido say loco you're crazy or something like that. Enos cachorrada vamo lá Enos cachorrada vamo lá. &gt;&gt; They try to hold us down, but they forgot. It's us, dog. Let's go there. All right, boys. I might I might call the stream there. You know, we were met with many of adversity today. And you know what I'm most proud of I'm most proud of that we didn't let us get it down. You know, let's switch over to a chatting portion here. So, if you guys want your if you guys want to get your chats off before I end it, see yourself on the screen and whatnot. Teach me some more Portuguese words. Yeah, we get a grappling and a Portuguese lesson. It's a great Saturday. Nothing better than that. Nothing better than that. When did Where did you train when you were in Rio? I trained at Arigato's gym, the Carlson Gracie and in Tabajaras. Meu nome e Thiago. If I'm saying your name, I would say seu nome e Thiago. Okay. So, meu nome e Thiago. Seu nome e Rafael. Americano got it. Trash man just coming in late to just make sure that the Americano got it makes its way onto the onto the chat. Um But yeah, pretty good stream. I appreciate you guys for tuning in. You know, we learned a little Portuguese. We watched a little trials, had a good time along the way. They tried to keep us down. They tried to keep us down. They They booted me. They actually I just got booted from my login again. But we didn't let that stop us. E nois cachorrada vamo lá. It's us, dog. Let's go there. The Black Ops division is alive and strong. The alley cats anonymous cannot be stopped. I appreciate you guys for joining in. I appreciate you guys watching the stream. Make sure if you want to keep watching, I think the semi-finals are coming up. The finals are coming up. Those are all going down on FloGrappling.com. So, go over there. You know, uh tune in on FloGrappling. Get you a subscription. Help support. You know, I appreciate it. Makes it where I'm able to do stuff like this. I'm able to give you guys the Black Ops stream. And you know, I hope everyone has a nice Saturday. We'll be back soon. We got some big events coming up. IBJJF Pans going down next week or this coming week, actually. So, I'll probably be trying to stream some IBJJF Pans. We'll be quad boxing. This This might be a good week for people who like the live stream. I'm thinking I might try and quad box every day. Estão sem gás. That's not what that means. Sem gás is Oh, it's like I have no gas. But like sem gás is like whenever you get a água com gás or água sem gás. Like I have no Like you don't like sparkling or still water or I have bad cardio. Estão sem gás. I do have bad cardio. I do have bad cardio, but I got great heart. How do you measure heart? Tell me that. Tell me that in Portuguese. How do you measure heart? Let me know how you say that in Portuguese. How do you measure heart? You know what I'm saying, boys? But yeah, we got So, I'm thinking next week or this coming week I might be streaming Thursday, Friday, Saturday. I don't think I'm going to be able to stream Sunday because I got to do WNO 32 media day. We have WNO 32 going down March 31st. That one's going to be a sick one. We got the 155-lb bracket where we we got DeAndre Corbe, Dorian Oliveras, Max Hanson, Julian Espinosa all in one bracket to uh I believe crown a new 155 WNO champ. And I think the idea is the winner of that might just fight Pato at a at a later event. We also got the 145 youth bracket with some of the best best youth competitors in America. JP Tran, Chingis signs, Jay Ortiz, and Matthew Vellas are all going to be in that one. So, that one's going to be sick as well. Um but a lot of cool stuff coming up on FloGrappling. Make sure you guys are kind of going over to FloGrappling.com, checking out all the stuff on the side, getting familiar with what we got going on. And I'll see you guys back in the live stream this coming week, you know. I'll see you guys again. I'm going to go update my chat rankings. I'm going to go update that. We got a lot of good movement on the rankings this week. A lot of good contenders been making been making plays for that top spot. So, you boys better come ready to play. Come later for these Pans live streams cuz, you know, the they can change anytime. A guy with heart. But all right, boys. I Ladies and ladies and boys, you know, everybody, thank you so much for tuning in. I appreciate you guys for watching. I'll see you guys in the next one.