Kind: captions Language: en What's going on everybody? Welcome in to another live stream here on the Flow Grappling channel. I'm Trey Robinson if you guys don't know. Um, yeah. You know, just for anybody who's watched the streams before, you know, you're probably used to seeing my like little guest room setup with a uh with uh like a bed in the background, but got a new crib. So, now I'm building out this little office studio. So, hopefully I can, you know, turn things up a notch, get these live streams looking good. But, uh, also there's nothing in here currently. It's just kind of an empty room. So, hopefully there's not too much of an echo. But thank you boys for getting in here already. Today we're going to be watching ADCC South American Trials. The South American Trials are going down this weekend and next weekend. So today's the first one uh in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the first South American trials. And then next week uh both just one day trials. So next week is going to be uh uh the second South American trials. That one's going down kind of outside of Sa Paulo area. We got Dick Robinson in the in the chat. He said, "Hey, what's up, Dick Robinson?" We might be related, bro. I'm I'm little old Trey Robinson. You're Dick Robinson. Pretty cool. That Dick Robinson. He's a cool guy. All right. I can vouch for him. Uh Elinho, what's up, my brother? How are you, bro? Welcome in everybody. Welcome in. Yeah, if you guys are joining in, I'm giving it a second here. We're trying to, you know, accumulate the viewership and whatnot, but we'll be quad boxing, boys. All right. So, don't I I know some of you guys are stressed out right now. Don't get stressed out. We'll be quad boxing before you guys even know it, you know. Um, what do we got going on here? Let me check. I got my freaking I got 17 monitors going right now, dude. I got the freaking the headquarters. Every possible jiu-jitsu stream. And I mean, anything you could think of I got going on over here just in the freaking HQ. Uh, all right. Yeah. So, if you guys are joining in, you know, don't don't be scared to send a little chat, you know, get the get the chats going. Let me know where you're from. I like I like to make sure everybody introduces themsel, you know, get to know each other. It's kind of like when you're in the chat together, you know, it's like everybody's neighbors, you know, you got to get to know your neighbor a little bit. But we uh should we jump into a quad box? You guys let me know. Let me know right now if you guys want me to jump into a quad box. Once someone gives me the go-ahhead, I'll go straight into a quad box. We'll get this thing going, you know? We'll get this thing fired up the way I know you boys want to do it. We'll be quad boxing like a bunch of maniacs. Or I can just sit here quietly. No, I'm just kidding. Let's get into the quad box. Boom. A little bit of this. Little bit of that. And now we're quad boxing, boys. So, yeah. Like I said, this is the first uh South American Trials. I think historically, we got Enrico Sed top right real quick, I guess, before before I start just talking about random shit. Enrico say top right. He's a guy to watch. Uh he's pretty sick out of Vagner school. So keep your eye on him. But let me see here. Let me see here. But yeah, South American trials. Um I think South American trials, I don't know which what the best trials is these days. I would say best trials is probably probably like West Coast Trials maybe if I'm being honest. Um I think West Coast Trials is still super nasty. Obviously I think in Brazil even if it's like there's going to be a lot of guys you might not even know but they're really good at jiu-jitsu. like it's just like there's like like the floor is higher in South American trials it feels like a little bit where in North American trials it feels like you get some guys like who have kind of no business being there. But I also just think that South American trials induces some of the craziest like moments and clips and just like you know chaos. Is that Mjid in the Is that Is that Mjid in the background? We got to go hunt down a Majid match. Is that him? I can't tell. That's definitely Majid. I can spot Mjid anywhere, dude. Says he should be on mat three. Boom. Hell yeah. So, we got Enrico S taking the back top. Oh, flying triangle or top left. That was kind of sick. Enrico Sed taking the back top right freaking uh one of these guys flying triangle then Majid bottom left about to get into the halfguard lifeguard situation. That's good quad boxing. You know what I'm saying? And you guys know that's why we do it. We do it for a quad box that's just loaded up with good good shit going on. Popping off. Flying triangle boy just got tapped though. Counter heel hooked. Gotcha. Gotcha. Majid uh for this one went he went up to 88. So Majid previously had competed 80C and stuff in 77 kilogram division but he bounced up to 88 kilos for this one. Didn't want to make that extra cut, you know. Can't blame him. He's rocking a little half butterfly here. Little butterfly sweep from Maji. That was slick. He's poed. What up, junkie? Are you my dog? Did Enrico say just submit in the top right or did he uh did they reset? Looks like maybe he reset. One of one of my favorite parts of watching trials is to just lock in on the ADCC referees. I just love how each mat like each mat you get just a completely different vibe of referee, you know? Like top right here we got shoes, wrestling shoes on, glasses locked in. Uh bottom left I think we have just like a freaking Eastern European juggernaut looking guy like just don't you don't disagree with the guy in the bottom left. You just whatever he says it's just like yeah he's right. And then top left that guy has really skinny legs. No offense. Those are some of the skinniest legs I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; Uh and then we don't even see a ref bottom right. And that's one thing I like, you know, that divers diversity of of, you know, referees, making sure everybody's represented. &gt;&gt; Oo, Majid getting a little chippy with it. Honestly, bro, Majid's one of my favorite grapplers. I think Mjid's awesome. He's just like a cool dude to be around, to be honest. And he does have like sick jiu-jitsu. He has particularly sneaky sick jiu-jitsu, but he's a cool dude. Surf fight out in uh Delmare, California. Like one of the one of the best gyms in my opinion to just like go and have a good time, you know? Surf fight. Nobody has more fun. What up, Junkie? How we doing? We're doing good, bro. Doing doing all good on this end. Thank you for asking. How are you doing, my brother? You guys got Hey, everybody in the chat, we got to get the chat firing a little bit. You know what I'm saying? This is like, you know, I've talked about this before. These streams, this is the Black Ops division of Flow Sports. You know, the Black Ops division of Flow Grappling. You know, a lot of times I try to exist in the shadows. I try to operate, you know, in the deep, dark alleyways of the world. That's why, you know, sometimes we're referred to as the Alleycats Anonymous because you can just see us in a back alley just finger snapping. just taking out, you know, doing Black Ops missions outside of the normal umbrella of the Flow Sports operation. And so with that, whenever they catch wind that these streams are going on and everything, they're going to look at the numbers. They're going to start figuring out, you know, oh, who was watching, how many people were watching, who was chatting, how many chat, how many chatters, you know, were going off. So, that's why I need you boys to help me out, scratch my back a little bit, get that chat going, you know, get that chat flowing, you know, ask questions, talk to each other. I'll I'll read all the chats and everything. So, that way we we get those numbers way up. And so, whenever they come crashing in and they try to, you know, say like, "What the hell was this?" I can just say, "That's the Black Ops, baby. That's the way it is." You know, and I can keep bringing you guys some quad boxes. All right. Re said, "Let's go. What's up, brother?" Hick and Pimento, bro, where's the 66 kg? I mean, I think they're just kind of cycling through. I saw some while I was setting up the stream. There were some 66 key little guys going. Um, but I think we just got to wait for them to come back around. &gt;&gt; Thank you for streaming, of course, bro. Happy to do it. Thank Yeah, these are 88 right now. They might be bumping up soon. But &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean it just kind of goes in runs of like, you know, what division's mostly going right now. But also, it's like there I think there's eight mats. We're quad boxing, so we're watching four. If you guys are hip to someone sick going up on a on another mat or anything, let me know. I can flip it over. I can jump around. I'm trying to monitor the other mats to make sure we don't miss anything, but it's a little hard. It's a little hard. I got 38 screens right now just going all over the place. Just the data is flying. You know what I mean? The freaking I got the just the weather on for some reason over here. I don't even watch the weather or the news, but I'm just watching the weather. So, it's like there's a lot going on on my end, dude. I got to lock in. Thank you, Hixon. You're the best. Yeah, Mazatron, you know what I'm talking about. Let's get this man his bonus. So, you know, I appreciate that. Not only are we working to get me a bonus, we're working to get me a structured contract where I have the opportunity to get a bonus. So, just step by step, we're crawling before we're walking. Let's first get it where I have it in my contract that I can get a bonus and then we'll work on getting a bonus. So, that's what I'm talking about. Appreciate you joining in, Mazatron. You are the man. Oh, Hixon, you're competing next weekend in uh in South Paulo. We got Yo, we got Hixon in the chat. Just kidding. Hixon Gracie uh at 66 kilos. Nice, bro. Good luck out there. Good luck out there. When 66 kilos comes back around, you know, get out your notebook. We'll help you. We'll help you uh me in the chat will help you take notes on uh on all the guys in the division. We can figure out a game plan. we can work together, you know, and build out a game plan for you for next weekend. &gt;&gt; So, we shouldn't raise the bar too high. Yeah. No, no, no. Let's let's set realistic uh realistic goals. You guys, you know, we got to we got to set smart goals, right? You know, we got to set specific, measurable, achievable, realistic, timely, uh might be what that stands for. So, let's let's work on our smart goals first and just kind of build from there. We'll kind of snowball it from there. You guys know what I'm talking about. So, um, maybe we'll hit a Tony Robbins seminar or something soon. You know, we could all maybe we should have a meetup. All right, I might schedule a meetup for me and all the boys in the chat where we meet up at a Tony Robbins seminar. Really lock in on just like getting right, setting goals, and eventually working towards that bonus. &gt;&gt; That's the That's the type of vibe I'm on. You know what I mean, boys? All right. What we got going on? I completely missed the ending of the Majid match. I was making all those stupid jokes. So, that's my bad. All All the dudes in the chat who don't like when I talk so much are just like celebrating there right now. They're like freaking idiot. You deserve to miss the match. But like I've said before, you guys can always just mute mute it. Watch it muted. You know, I have no hard feelings on that. I watch most jiu-jitsu with the commentary muted to be honest. I just like prefer to watch it. And I feel like it kind of influences when people when people are telling you like their take on what the person's doing. It just kind of like adds a bias a little bit. It adds like, you know, now I'm not just watching something and trying to figure out what's going on, but I'm also watching someone who's watching something explain what's going on. I would rather just watch it muted and then kind of like freaking try to form my own opinion of, oh shit, okay, he's doing this, he's doing that, you know? So, no hard feelings. If you guys want to watch it muted, go ahead. Um, who do I think will take 66 and 77 kilos? I think for 66, um, I think Phipe Machado is going to be hard to beat to be honest. And I I didn't watch the first couple hours. I didn't see all the early rounds, so it's like hopefully he didn't get upset and already beaten, but I got to go back and like catch up on the bracket. But I think Philipe Machado is really going to be really hard to beat. But I also think Kawhi Gabriel um is an absolute killer. But I I I kind of am thinking I'm leaning Philippe Machado to be honest this time. It just feels like maybe it's his time. 77. Uh I got to remember everybody who was in 77. Let me see here. Oh, Hobinho is in 77. Uh, I think Hobinho is like sneaky absolute killer. I got Flow Grappling telling me that Paul Ardella is on Matt 8. What the hell are you doing here, Flow Grappling? I thought I was flow grappling. Good call out though. Thank you. I appreciate that. Whoever that was. &gt;&gt; Paul Ardilla, Jose Jerma. This is actually kind of a sick match to be honest. Jose Dere I think is underrated dude out of checkmat. Um but he's a dog. He's not He's like a He's a younger black belt for sure. But Paul Ardella just getting right into his business. Just getting right into risky business. &gt;&gt; Oh, this one might be over soon. &gt;&gt; I don't know if Jose can get out of this. Boy, oh boy, was I wrong. &gt;&gt; Uh, all right. Gotcha. We'll tell mom to watch, too. But Granny will join next. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, appreciate that, Ari. Get your get your mom watching right now for sure. And we'll we'll build up to Granny, you know. Um, we got to keep we got to keep that that steady climb. We don't want to just spike and then fall off. We got to, you know, hit one of those. Uh, look at area seven. All right, I'll try. Hey, brother. watching from Argentine. Where my friend Wen Bergos Olympic Judoka from Argentina now a brown belt in PDJ participating in the trials. Nice juo where uh what what division and everything is he? We'll try to watch him. Is false reap allowed for white belt tournaments ADCC? Uh I don't really know to be honest. &gt;&gt; I don't know. All right, there you go. There's Matt 7 bottom left. Okay, back to who I think's going to win 77. Uh I think Hobinho is insanely hard to beat to be honest. I think Hobinho uh Alexandrii Alishanji Hobinho could be the one who gets it done. I'm just double checking the uh brackets here. Ernesto Rivera is really good uh out of Atlanta as well. He could he could go on a run. Jefferson Pontz really sick. So um maybe him. How long do these dudes training for the trials are these hobby dudes? Uh, I don't like honestly like at trials you're always going to get a mix of some people who aren't like the highest level grappler, but for the most part once you get a few rounds in, it's going to be like, you know, all pretty sick dudes to be honest. That's what I was saying earlier like I feel like South American trials maybe maybe like I think probably West Coast trials might still be the best trials if I had to guess or give my opinion someone something like that. But um I think Brazil has like the lowest floor. Like I think everyone in the Brazil trials is like pretty good to a certain level just cuz jiu-jitsu runs so deep into the Brazilian culture. Like these guys have been training since you know these guys have trained since before they were born. They might have trained since before they were conceived. Like that's just how they roll. Uh area 7 is bottom left. I would I would say like it's not most are hobbyists. Most are actually like pro guys to be honest. They're just not like the most elite pro guys. And like once you once you're once you're three matches in, you're going to be fighting a pretty solid dude. Diego Silva. Hey bro, how's it going? Can we stream Arley Pacheco's fight? Uh, yes, if you give me the information on when it is and what? Yeah, I think I think for sure Kaw Gabriel could could take 66 kilos. Um, I don't know. I'm just kind of leaning Philippe Machado. I just think maybe it's his time. Last year, South American Trials 2 in Sa Paulo. Fabricio Andre didn't do the first trials, then he did the second trials. Absolutely stole the show. Like Fabricio at South American Trials in 2024 was one of the sickest things I've ever watched. He was just going through a murderer's row of like dudes to watch and then his old teammates from Melky school and he was just being an absolute killer the whole time. Like we dropped the dudes to watch in the 66 kilogram division uh video. It every dude on it Fabricio beat last year at trials. Like it was Phippe Machado, Kawhi Gabriel, Josh Flores were like the three main names of people to watch. Fabricio literally submit or submitted Josh. He submitted uh Phipe and then he basically was like on the back breaking uh Kawhai's arm as time ran out just screaming and like ah sticking his tongue out. Just what a guy that Fabricio, you know, what a guy that Fabricio Andre just in the sport is so lucky to have Fabricio Andre to be honest. Just such an incredible electric dude to watch. Got to be a fan of the Hokagi. &gt;&gt; I don't have Matt 3 up right now. &gt;&gt; Can you edit that? The quad box, baby. We're quad boxing. Look at this. Top left. Just like freaking inverted triangle. It's pretty sick. &gt;&gt; Paul Ardell is sneaky sneaky pretty good wrestler. I feel like people don't talk about how uh he's a pretty good wrestler to be honest. He got this little duck under. He got his little duck under. Some are calling it the Magic City duck um that he hits. That shit's pretty pretty dope. Is there tomorrow? Man, thank Hey, Prody, thank you for the question. Is there tomorrow? You know, that's a question I ponder from time to time. Is there tomorrow? What is tomorrow? What if tomorrow everything's gone? What if everything's different? You know, so whenever you ask what is tomorrow, it makes me think, you know, more about the present and how instead of focusing on tomorrow, maybe we should focus on right now because, you know, there might not be a promise of tomorrow now that you bring that up. So, we got to really lock in and making sure that we're quadboxing the shit out of this trials today because who knows what the hell we'll be doing tomorrow. So, yeah, why is tomorrow? So, we got to lock in because the tournament ends today. There is no second day of trials. It's just one day. So, the first trials is just today and then the second trials will be next Saturday, March 21st. And you boys know I'll be back quad boxing it. And so, uh, yeah. Is there tomorrow? Who gives a shit? We're here right now quad boxing, watching a little freaking jiu-jitsu. That's what I'm talking about, boys. Uh, it'll probably end pretty late. Maybe like five or something. 56. I'm not sure. Not sure the exact time it'll end. No, no fights tomorrow. Oh my Oh, my bad. My bad. You were asking about the matches. No, no, no. There's no matches uh tomorrow. Can you tell me which mat to look? My ADHD eyes can't focus. Uh I mean, bottom right right now is the match to watch. Jose Drea versus Paul Ardella. What a philosopher. Yeah. Yeah. No, the quad box, bro. And it's like, you know, I'm not the best at focusing to be honest. You know, I I got the I got the classic, you know, like Trey's a little rowdy in the back of the class. Trey won't stop talking. You know, that type Trey was won't quit making jokes. Trey won't quit freaking impressing all the girls. Trey won't quit distracting all the girls with all of his charm and his good looks and his charismatic attitude. Oh, they love Everybody loves Trey. Oh, oh my god, the girls love Trey. So, I I I got that stuff, too. So I have a hard time focusing as well. So not always the best to watch as luchas vachias. Hell yeah. They had to bring in the big guns for Paul Ardil. Got weird out there. Could you pull up Marcelo Fosta or Enzograph? Yeah, I'll try to. Um there's a lot going on on my end. So, if if you guys can give me like the mat numbers when they're going, that's always helpful. But yes, watch bottom right right now. XJ, watch bottom right. We got to see how this one ends up. Let's everybody sit quietly and watch while this finishes. I'm just kidding. I'm a I'm a little juiced up today, boys. I don't know if you guys can I don't know if it's coming across. I've been just freaking I've been just working like a dog. You know what I mean? We got the flow grappling's crazy this month. We got so many events. So, I feel like I've just been either working on making jiu-jitsu videos. I haven't been training enough to be honest. But if I'm not working on jiu-jitsu videos, I'm training and then I'm playing Ark Raiders. Dude, I've been absolutely gooping out of my mind on Arc Raiders. I can't stop. I'm addicted. I'm so addicted. If are you are any of you guys in the chat playing Arc Raiders right now? I'm absolutely addicted. Just just opening a locker and just rolling the dice on what I'm going to get next. Goop goop goop. Reed says goop goop goop. Reed Reed wants in on the goop so bad, but he's a little he's like he's like dragging his feet a little bit with getting in on the goop. I keep telling him just buy the game. Buy the game, brother. Let's get in on there. Let's goop it, son. Wake up. Our deal is up. Oh, Johnny Walker. That's right, Johnny. We quad boxing. &gt;&gt; All right. Paul and Jose are are they does they might are they in overtime? Do you guys know or is this just freaking &gt;&gt; Are they just choosing to wrestle like this? &gt;&gt; Got to be overtime, right? &gt;&gt; Graph Matt 3 and Marcela Math 5. Yeah, give me one second. Let's uh &gt;&gt; Whoa. You guys see that dude top left? He's tried to like deadlift him. All right, I'm going to use this little break in the action to kind of switch some of these up. Oh, Kawhi Gabriel Mat three and we're switching this one to Matt five to appease people watching. Anderson Silva is on mat seven. What? I had no idea he was doing this one. Anderson Silva. &gt;&gt; Whoa. All right. So, if you're if you're not sure where to focus, let's focus bottom matches here and just switch between each so that you get the sensation of watching both but actually seeing none of them. Oh shit, Jose Jarma just looks like he just took down Paul off camera. &gt;&gt; Pedro Lucas. &gt;&gt; Look at this stout ass boy top right. That boy built like a tree trunk. This dude, no one is going to be able to move that guy. This We got to get this guy's name. This might be the guy I'm rooting for now. I want this guy to win. I assume plus 99 &gt;&gt; time. All right. Now they got to go. They got to go hold counsel at the judges table to figure out who won that. What's up, BMAC? Welcome to the chat, bro. Thanks for joining in. We've been watching PGF. Don't you worry, BMAC. We've been watching PGF. It's been sick so far. Jet Thompson. Bmac, let me ask you about Jet Thompson. This kid is incredible, you know. I think Jet Thompson is going to steal this whole season, you know, and maybe maybe he'll take some losses along the way. I don't think that ultimately, you know, defines a grappler. I think jiu-jitsu you can take losses, especially whenever you're put through like the gauntlet like PGF is, you know, where these dudes are just grinding week week in week out, crazy matches coming back, you know, and then eventually um as far as I know, right, you guys are still doing it where then it goes into a bracket. Let me know if if I'm wrong, but man oh man, Jet Thompson, dude, that dude's been fun to uh to watch. &gt;&gt; Recon said Elijah Carlton is the real deal. Yeah, air gel, dude. &gt;&gt; But also, BMAC, I'm glad. While I got you here, while I got you here, BMAC, you know, I know you saw the chat in there. PGF more sunglasses in the crowd worn by spectators than 10x the next most sunglasses crowd, you know. Um, oh, Jets in second after week two, barring in number one. All right, there we go. I I'm putting my money on Jet Thompson. I think he's going to keep it rolling. I think like I just like watching him, too. Um, okay. Top hit the playoffs April 8th. All right. Sick. Yeah, good stuff over there, BMAC. You know, it's it's always dope watching. You guys got a cool thing going. And the the way the amount of people you can bring in and get them to wear sunglasses. Are you guys passing them out at the door? Is that what's going on here? Or is it is it a bring your own by bring your own sunglasses situation? Cuz I'm now I'm watching at home. I got my monitor jacked up to, you know, 10,000 because I I got the the extra dark polarized and I I'm missing a lot. I'm missing a lot of the action. I'll be honest with you. Can't see all of it, but uh it's worth it cuz I feel cool as hell, baby. All right, let's lock back in. It's the move for sure. It's just everyone is so styly on the edges of the PGF mat. &gt;&gt; Let's Let's see. Was was uh was our boy did he pop off or did they just make him leave? &gt;&gt; Oh, they made him leave. Damn. You got to go. You got to go back to Bmac. &gt;&gt; All right, here we go. Now, now our boy's out there. Him habo Bruno Martinez wants to watch Anderson Silva. I want to watch Anderson Silva, too. Uh, &gt;&gt; we got Gabriel Bro bottom right against Wallace and Phipe. That's pretty sick match actually. &gt;&gt; What matter you guys want? You're wanting this one. This better be the spider. What? That doesn't look like Anderson Silva. Can you put subway surfer so I can lock in? Dude, I got you, bro. I'm gonna have the subway. I'm just going to turn this down here like below me. This is going to be or or right here below me. This all is going to be filled in with just subway surfer going here soon. I'll get the stream updated. We'll lock in um we'll lock in with that subway surfer. So then we'll just guarantee that none of us see any of the jiu-jitsu that happens. This is like whenever you go over to like your friend's house. This is the this is the this is the community we're building here, boys. It's whenever you go over to like your buddy's house and there's like a group of like five of your really close friends and you're like all going to watch some sporting event and then you end up just getting into bits and just like talking shit, joking around and then you kind of realize at a certain point like oh shit I'm not even sure like what actually happened in the game. You know that's what we're doing here. Unless unless we get some scrappy poos. If there's a scrappy poo alert you boys let me know. You sound off and we'll freaking lock in. Gabriel Bro. Amazing. You're welcome, Bruno. &gt;&gt; I think Gabriel Bro could go on a run here as well. He has a good chance of making it pretty far. &gt;&gt; He is a beast. buddy's house. You mean in the dojo, right? I didn't say church, did I? If I said I was going to church, I might be talking about the dojo. Shit. I don't actually have any buddies. I just kind of assumed that's what people did. I was kidding. I'm addicted to the game. I'm married to the game, but I'm dating the money. I'm cheating on the game with the money. Don't get it twisted. What we got here? Kawhi Gabriel kind of throwing the leg over or Oh, he's in on the legs. Guy slips his little foot out of there. All right. How's our boy doing top right? Himmon Hero Chaga says, "Our friend and teacher a great person." Well, you love to hear it. Is he the guy on top or bottom right now? Only things we got on Ringfinger is tape. That's 100% right, exjod. 100% right. And it's like, you know, like I got a girlfriend, so it's not about that. Like I could I could have a couple if I felt like it, but it's like she lives in Canada. It's like colder and so it's like you don't really know her. She goes to a different school. But like I could be married if I wanted to. I don't I don't even care, dude. Married to the game. Gabriel Bro is not a bad bet. I'm kind of into that. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Is Is is Batista up? Here we go. I'm I'm going to the fifth monitor to check some stuff. &gt;&gt; I have an ungodly amount of monitors. I'm just kidding. I have three, but it's funny to keep saying I have more and more. &gt;&gt; What's up, Nico? &gt;&gt; We're seeing uh seven, five, three, and eight. Is Batista up, right? Okay, we we're switching mat seven to mat one. Batista is coming out. All right. Good call out. That's what I'm talking about. Who Who said don't forget about Batista? Morelves. Murelz. We're going Melas. Morelz. That's exactly what I need from the chat right there. That is big ups, my man, for giving me the the the Gustava Batista warning. That's what I'm talking about. Matt 6. Who the hell is on Matt 6? And why would I watch it? Make your case right now, Joel Victor. And maybe I will. My eyes running low battery. Can't focus even one window. And now there's four mats, one face cam, one chat. Dude, I'm just going to start putting so much shit on the screen. So you just don't even like it might just overload you. Is Lucas KTO up? All right. All right. Matt 6. I agree with this stranger for you guys want to watch Edgar Lopez do Santos. Mad 6 is empty right now. Just checking in. What's up Chris top? What's up my boy? Welcome to the chat. Just checking in. Got to just check in. We hit we hit uh me when Adam was in town for a seminar. He was staying with me and we got uh one of the dudes we trained with Ray. If you guys are listening to the podcast or anything, we talk about Ray quite a bit. Um, and we got Ray with the just checking in from Adam. Adam just texted him randomly and was like, "Hey, this is Adam. How are you, Ray?" And Ray was like, "Oh, I'm good. How are you? Are you enjoying Texas?" And then Adam just hit him with the, "Oh, glad to hear you're good. Just checking in." And then racing him like another text like asking him if he needed something or whatever. And just Adam never texted him back. Great bit the just checking in with Adam Worzinski. We got to keep running it. We should start filming us doing it. It's pretty funny. Oh yeah, this day this is going to be the quadbacks are going to be loaded with all kinds of like stream elements just like follow buttons, a nuke, you know, anytime someone does leaves a comment. I don't know, just anything. I'm going to have like sponsor deals everywhere for brands that I made up. It's going to be absolutely nuts. Oh no, our boy just got our boy got hurt top right. That's not good. That's not what you want to see. This dude bottom left claims to or thinks he beat Kawawaii. Oh, he did. Bernardo Albuquerque. Wow, that's pretty crazy. That's kind of insane. So, there goes Kawawaii. So now I I uh I got to go with Phipe Machado for who I think is going to win 66. You guys didn't know I can mute it just like that, did you? Uh we got Yatan Bueno up as well. You guys want to watch Yatan Bueno? Area eight. Poor favore. Area eight is the bottom right. Iso Iso Aria ooto Lucas KTO. Question mark. I think he's pretty cool. Uh I don't see him up right now so he he might be up later. Bordon pasan lasi bordoni uh for for where is something is uh the PGF the weird ref's name is Heath. His Instagram is like Heath the referee or something. We went to see the Chileans on Matt 6. All right. I'm into that. You guys convinced me. I just needed a reason. I was looking for a reason. I would love to see Chileans on Matt 6. That sounds awesome. KTO and Matt 3. Matt 3 is bottom left right here. Yep. No problem, Johnny. You didn't know I had info like that just on deck, huh? You just asked me in a referee's name and I just got it for you and his Instagram. Point out point out the Chileans to me. Which one is the Chilean? I want to cheer for the Chileans. I like the I like the Chileans and I like the Peruvians. I remember 2024 South American trials. The Peruvians like kind of won me over to be honest. By the end of it, I was like, "Bro, I might be a Peru." my my roommate uh my my senior year of college and then kind of like you know first year out of college was Peruvian. Um he was from a very small place outside Lima I believe or maybe outside of Cusco but Peru looks incredible. I want to go to Peru. We're looking at Matt 3. It's bottom left. Greetings from Chile. Welcome brother. Welcome, O Visagna. Julian Sanchez said, "Vamosanti vamos." Yat Buo cannon. Yeah, we can get Yatam Bueno up. Santi, you guys are cheering for Santi. There we go. Now we have Lucas KTO up on Matt 3 bottom left. These boys handshaking. They're really getting after that handshake. Those referees, bro. Win. Did he actually win? I missed it. Lucas KTO is kind of sick. I believe he's Argentinian. Um, correct me if I'm wrong. Argentinian dude. I remember I first met him in 2021 at Legion uh on a Road to Worlds trip. He was there as a purple belt and he was uh just like there visiting doing like a Final Worlds camp in the ghee. He's pretty cool kid. &gt;&gt; Evan Garcia said, "Come down to Peru anytime." All right, I might have to do it. What? Oh, Gab Batista had the kamura, but &gt;&gt; Oh, not a not a bad little leg entanglement there. It seemed like Batista was pretty dominant that whole match, though. He's probably going to get the win, right? All right, we got a Luther the Libre guy bottom right. We got a dude rocking a belt, right? Is he? Yep. Got his belt on. What do you guys think? Sound off in the comments. Is wearing your belt during Noi the worst part of jiujitsu or is it kind of sick? Everybody make their case. I'll be the judge. Whoever makes the best argument in the chat by the end of it, I will adopt their opinion entirely and I will pass it along as though it's my own. So, go ahead, start firing off. Reed wants to know which country has better jiu-jitsu, Peru or Chile. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let actually the Peruvians and the Chileans. Let's uh let's get it going right now. Make your case as well for not just the belt thing, but also which country has the better jiu-jitsu. I'm not going to lie, my first instinct is a slight like if this is the meter, a slight lean towards Peru just because of all the Peruvians at 2024 South American trials. Also the Peruvian necktie. Mika Galva has it so we accept but it Mika Galvalo only so we disagree. All right. Mika doing it is rad. Not sure about me. Yeah. I just think wearing the belt like like next time you go to a Nogi open map go ahead and wear your belt and if anyone asks you like why you're doing that just be like I'm a Luther the Libre guy. And it's kind of sick. It's kind of sick if you just say like, "Oh, I'm a loot the Libre guy." Why? You Oh, you're not. Okay, no worries. I am though. So, I'mma loot the Libre guy. Just say that. Kind of dope. Oh, let's go back and watch uh Bone Bone here. You got a quick sub. this guy pull or did he uh Oh, ara then boom bone just passing Argentina pretty sick too. Raphael Batista has some choice words for Mika Va's use of the belt. Uh, so Oh man, Bone Bone did he did him dirty, dude. Oh man, he could have just finished the Kamora. He didn't need to go wrist. He didn't need to get wristy business with it. You know what I mean? What's Bone Bone doing? I might have to talk to him. We got Roosevelt up. We got Roosevelt up. So Roosevelt is up alert on mat seven. Bringingo. Oh my god. Now we got to watch this ad. Nobody watch this ad. Nobody watch this ad. I'm I'm getting a scuff controller ad right now. A targeted ad because I've been playing so much Arc Raiders and I was googling uh controllers. Yeah, wearing the white belt during rolling to just, you know, just in case you accidentally do something sick and people are like, "Wait, is he a white belt?" That's a good idea. So then people, there will be no question. You know, it's like, "Oh, no, no, no, he sucks." That's that's smart. I think the Roosevelt sub happened off screen. I'm checking the archives. It looks like it was a heel hook, but I can't tell for sure. That's a bummer. That's a bummer. We missed it. Will we get Matt 2? What's going on, Matt 2? That's so cool. That's a good point. Reed's making a lot of good points today. We got to give it up to Reed for making all of his good points today. You know, you know, you never know. Once Reed gets going, he's going to make a good point, a bad point, you know. You never know for sure. He's making some good points. Respect when a Nogi guy knows how to tie a bell. That is true. It's just a little weird like even if you are a no gee guy like I don't know at least like just like I aren't you like even if you never wear a ghee I feel like at some point in time isn't it now just like innate like you know how to tie a belt is kind of like the vibe I can't remember a time when I didn't know how to tie a belt you know I just I think I was born I think I was born with it might have been born with it knowing how to tie the belt to To be honest, I'm not saying I was born good at jiu-jitsu or with any sort of like, you know, thing that helps me at all in the act of jiu-jitsu, but I might have been born knowing how to tie a belt. And honestly, I got to dive into that more with Chad GPT and get to the bottom of what that means. So, I'll be locking in later. I'll be locking in later and I'll figure out what that means. The only valid reason to use a belt nogi is if I'm wearing loose shorts. I'm not gonna lie, that's kind of a funny joke. Good attempt at a joke. But if you're rocking shorts so loose that you need an actual belt to tighten them and then trying to grapple with me, go home and change. That would be so weird. Like, get some shorts that fit, bro. Imagine a dude doing that and just like his shorts are falling off while he's grappling and he has to go get a leather belt. That would be pretty weird. So maybe I I don't know. I think maybe just tying a like a freaking jiu-jitsu belt around your waist while wearing properly fitting clothes might be less weird. But that's just my opinion. I don't know everything. I don't make the rules. Yeah, watching you guys tie the belt is funny. It is also It's a funny thing how it's like you forget uh like you forget what it was like at a certain point. Like it just becomes so like so second nature to tie your belt that it's kind of like like oh shit. Yeah, that's right. It's like really hard to tie your belt whenever you first start doing jiu-jitsu. It's like the first battle you have to win. &gt;&gt; Are we even We're not even watching Matt too. That's fair Raphael. That's That's strategy. That's strategy, brother. Here we go. We're about to get some yatan bueno action. That' be sick if Arman just popped up, but I don't know if he'd be at South American trials. is Pantoya the one of the milky kids. Uh, I do not know who Bragina fights next to be honest. I haven't actually I can I can figure out real quick. Let me cook. Let me cook for a second. Paul Ardella has Gabriel Bro. That's pretty pretty nuts. And then Gustavo Batista has the winner of Pedro Pereira and Vtor Pantoya del Olivivera. Those dudes like those dudes look small. They don't look like 88 guys. Maybe it's just like a weird angle or something or wide wide camera, but they don't look that big. Oh shit. You guys see that bottom left dude tried to spin out? Guy freaking rolled with him. Took the back of it. Lucas. Oh. Oh. Little peek out. This is a scrappy pool alert. Bottom left. Oh shit. I mean, I don't know how I feel about like like I think I think it things started going a little too far with people competing off the mats to be honest. Like I think we went too far and there needed to be a correction. But now if you can see he's like the referee is like not stopping the action, but he's like putting his hands on them to make them not go out. But it's like that's like that interferes with what's happening. like he just literally tried to throw Lucas like a like a like a rear body lock like throw like almost like I don't know what exactly that's called when you're rear body lock and you do like a lat dropesque type of thing but like he did that but the referee like was hitting them to stop them from going out of bounds more and it's like Lucas ended up on top like there's a little bit of outside influence in that exchange right like that doesn't really feel like the best like what we should be doing like that doesn't feel like the answer I get that we got to figure something with like making guys just not fight on concrete, but that I don't know if that's it. Like that's a little I don't know. That's a I think it's a little bit of a pet peeve of mine, I guess. Like I don't like whenever referees like touch athletes. Um so yeah, that's like a little weird, but and I'm not trying to critique him. He's just like doing what he's got to do. He's like protecting the table, like whatever. I'm just saying in general it's like we got to think of like a better plan to handle a situation like that. H So anyways, what are you guys talking about? Do you think Wardenski is actually retired? No, I don't. I think Worlds is going to run around or come around and Adam's going to want a piece of that action, but I don't know. He says he's retired. Have you seen anyone using the Sed guard or the acai guard yet? I have not. I've had my eyes peeled for it. I haven't seen it. I've been looking. I've been looking near and far, high and low. I've look been looking out yonder and I've yet to see the sed or acai guard guard. All right. But what I was saying about Gustavo Batista, if uh he'll have uh whoever won that last one with that Milky Kid and Pedro Pereira, but then if he wins, he has the winner of Gabriel Bro and Paul Ardulla. So, let's just say these rounds are going to start heating up a little bit. Things are getting spicy in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Brazil. You boys ever had your ever had your toes in the sand at Impana with the water crashing on the beach looking out over the Sugarloaf Mountain? You boys ever experienced that? You ever made it down to Helio De Janeiro, Brazil? Had your little toes in the sand, a little caparinia in your hand, looking out over the waves. as the beautiful people of Brazil walk past you near and far playing their little beach games and you look out and you see Sugarloaf Mountain. You see the twin You see the brothers mountain just out in the distance out over yonder over Copa Cabana? You boys ever experienced that? It's something special. It's something special, boys. It's something special. Let's all just take a moment here and think about that. Reed, Reed, don't interrupt my little my little Impana monologue with the flavor of fave Matt, too. No, I'm just kidding. That was a good interruption. He is a friend of the program. Flavor of fave. Friend of the program. All right, here we go. Went to Columbia. The only thing I walked on was white powder. Bad boy. Go straight to jail. That's That's okay, Reed. That's okay. I know you've experienced that, Reed. You know what that's like. Tvaris has experienced that. Were you watching that, Nico? Oh, you guys were watching Arley. Which one do you want me to take off? I'm going to take off this top left. Sorry. What mat was it? You guys love Arley. There you go. I was watching that match. That was rude. My bad. My bad. It's back. Fab Fabian going to get a little a little leg locky here. Got him. &gt;&gt; Let's go, Fabian. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let the boys know. Bottom right is Matt 7 Cha. He's Chilean. Okay, I'm cheering for him, too. I'm cheering for him, too. Who Who's got info on this? Enzograph. Enzograph. Uh, or wait, wait, wait. I guess Enzograph or Gabriel Andreda Montero. Enzograph is the one standing right now based on the colors. The corner of the co the color corners the the colors of the the based on the corner color. He should be the one on top. Yeah. Gordon said he retired officially. Graio. Eli Braz. Where's Eli Braz at? I want to watch that. I want to watch that boy. 88. 88's getting sick. When we get another fix my game to be honest with you, uh, I'm flying Monday. Me and Reed, me and Big Reed, big uncle Reed Connell himself, are flying to Standard Jiujitsu. We're going out to the east coast to film with DeAndre Corby in leadup to Wo32. Uh, obviously Greg Sers and Gavin, that whole crew will be out there. I was thinking maybe trying to do a fix my game with DeAndre while we were out there. I don't know how a fix my game with DeAndre/Greg would really go. I don't know if it's going to be like cuz they're not going to just like they're obviously not just going to show me a move and ask me to drill it. So, I don't know if it's like, you know, we do a round, then maybe Greg creates a CLA game for us to play based on like where he saw a hole in my game, you know, and he like says like, "Okay, so I noticed you were doing this and this. Here's the CLA game we're going to do so that we can help kind of fix that problem in your game." I don't know if maybe something like that would be the way to do it, but I don't know. Might try to do with DeAndre. So, we might we might get our first uh our first CLA ecological fix my game could be the move. Am I right, boys? Just big bodying him. Just Dude, is that that's Chaa just big bodying like that? That Chile and Chepa. Okay, so if he puts if Chepa puts him down right here with just this like this body lock bear. Oh shit. Mo in the mix. Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Siding. What up Mo? Sound the alarms. Mo siding. That's what I'm talking about. If Cha puts him down here with this just body lock from the front, just bear hug things. This is my petition to officially change the name of that move to the Chilean wood chipper. I think that would be sick. Jeepa the Chilean wood chipper. How come at the last Polaris squads team Wino was allowed Greg as a coach? I don't think any of the other teams had coaches. Yeah, they they were allowed two coaches. I believe I believe each team had two coach passes. Uh and I mean I don't know. It's just like freaking, you know, wheeling and dealing out there. When you're Greg Sounders, you sit in a chair and then you just debate the guy until he decides you get to stay. Simple as that. That's the ecological approach to being allowed in the coach's chair. You got to check out his new instructional. But team Polaris just had like Ono Flanigan was basically their coach. Uh they had a a dude speaking Portuguese as well coaching um may Salah Houdin. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Chipa the the Chilean wood chipper. Play it out. Play it out. Mo said play it out. Diego Rodriguez. Is he watching a is he rocking a flamingo rash guard? If so, that's kind of sick. &gt;&gt; Provides so many with a bigger purpose. You're faced with so many challenges in the sport, including &gt;&gt; Francisco Low bottom left. All right, boys. Scrappy poo alert when Francisco Low takes the mat. Everybody lock in to defend what you have built. &gt;&gt; Uh I don't know if Salah Houdin's competing in the US. This is South American trials though, so I don't think he's there. All right, Francisco Low and Pedro Vieira off screen. That's not what you want with a with a scrappy poo. It's not at all what you want. Pentoya versus Biniah soon. Matt 8. All right, we'll keep our eyes peeled. We'll stay frosty. Stay frosty, boys. What the hell? Cha and Brenal just go off the mat. And then we get another another match just swinging into their mat. Did we just pin a box there for a second by having a two in one? Francisco Low always shows up with some of the gnarliest haircuts. Just like a hard line, no fade. That dude doesn't need a taper. That dude doesn't need a fade. That's just just put that hard line right there and go out there and hit some flying shit. That's what I like about Francisco. Sorry, I'm a little sleepy. The Chilean wood chipper. Francisco on the back. Got the body triangle locked in here. Is he going to finish Ruleatine here? Keep the arm in. He sure is. Rule. One of the sickest submissions right now. I love the Rule. The guy who's fighting Arley only knows how to complain. Is Eli Braza up? Which one's Arley and which one's Ja? &gt;&gt; I don't know if the the corner colors are correct. All right. Chip is the one with tattoos. That's what I thought. Shout out Chipa the Chilean wood chipper. He's the one without the shirt. Okay. All right. That clears things up. I might take my shirt off to watch Trials. Is that the vibe? Should I just watch Trials shirtless? &gt;&gt; What do you boys think? Oh, Arley gets the win. Ends the Chilean wood chippers day. I got a feeling we're going to see him back at at the second trials next week. We'll be watching. He gives him the thumbs down. He doesn't like it. Oh, no. He's giving the No, no, no, no. Don't boo. Don't boo. No, no, no. Oh, or or is he protesting? Is he protesting the match? Jo. But in the Julius fight, which Matt? No, no, no, no, no. This Ottonot Jossi guy, he looks like an absolute dog. He looks big as hell. South American Terminator. OSA. Shout out to Alex Moss. He's watching. He just texted me. He's a designer at Flow. Moss, get in the chat. Get firing up in the chat. I've been gooping with Moss uh in Arc Raiders. We got done dirty last night. We were getting absolutely dobbed. We're fighting the matriarch. Freaking getting third parties. Dudes just turn on us with equalizers. It was a tough scene. It was a tough scene, dude. Uh, you want to hear the argument? Nah, you don't want to hear that. You don't want to hear what those guys have to say. They're saying too many bad words for the stream. They're saying too many bad words and I won't be able to vet it because I don't speak the language. Matt 8. Matt 8. What's going on on Matt 8? It better be cool. If I check Matt 8, it better be cool. Jardell de Oliva and Ameiliano. Is that actually sick? Next one is Chilean too. Carlos Romero. Okay. Marcelo Fa. Oh, we got Philipe Trovo. Mat four. Let's go. What is this? This is Matt two. Let's switch this to map four because I want to see Phipe Trovo. &gt;&gt; I'll cheer for Yeah, I'll cheer for the Chileans. I'm I'm all in on cheering for Chileans and uh and Peruvians to be honest. In my ideal world, we would see a Chilean versus Peruvian final. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Jefferson Pont is a beast. &gt;&gt; Jefferson Pont is a beast for sure. Um, I'm not going to lie, this Chilean has his work cut out for him if he's fighting uh, Jefferson. So, so we'll see how this one goes. I like Jefferson, too. Paul Ardella, Gabriel Bro coming up on Matt Seven. All right, should be down here. You have to learn our song for cheering. Uh, send me something so I can learn it. sound is glitched. Which sound? My audio or the Matt audio? Because the Matt audio hasn't been coming in great to be honest. Chile le viva chile chile le viva chile chile le chile v chile chile le viva chile viva chile chile chile chile chile. How was that? &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; You're trolling. You're trolling about the Oh, that's Olly. We got Olly. Oh, sound in Spanish. Why is the chat in Spanish? Oh, he got me, dude. And it's even his full name. I didn't recognize the full Oliver a stone. Oh, he got me, dude. I got trolled. Dang, it was fine all along. Uh, &gt;&gt; dang. Gary says, "Thanks for the live. No problem, brother." That was terrible. What? What was terrible? Philip Tro, how did Philipe Trova just finish there? Vamos, Argentina. Oh, you're saying my Chile song was terrible. I thought it was pretty good. &gt;&gt; All right. Good job, Trovo. &gt;&gt; Dude, now Oie's texting me talking about how good he got me with that troll. I just got owned. This is embarrassing. I might shut it down. I might just have to shut it down. All right, so this is map four. Who we got? Let's go. Uh, where's Batista coming up? Oops. Clicking the wrong shit. song was fire. There we go. Now we're talking. &gt;&gt; Who's better at Arc Raiders? Well, last night me and Olli ran a duos after uh we were getting mopped up in trios and you know sometimes sometimes sometimes I'm the last guy into the fight. I'll admit that you know and Oie had two dudes roll up on him started dummying him. I hit around a corner. Oie got knocked and that's on me. That's you know I got some work to do with helping my teammates out early and then I 2v1. I hit the 2v one, dropped those boys, started talking mad shit in procs chat. They were like, "You're trash anyways, dude." I said, "Yeah, I'm trash, dude, but you just lost to me, so imagine how bad you suck." Just a classic classic chirp right there. Downed them both, gooped them up, and then I got out of there. I say we're all pretty even, though. We We got an even squad going. Yeah, big L's and trios last night. Moss, I I'm not seeing it on Matt 8 yet. I'm watching Matt 8 on my other screen and uh it's Hobson Ferrera and Joe Alfredas. Maybe he's up next. I got my eye on it, boys. Don't worry. What's going on up here? Matt four. I'll just put this Matt 8. Is Moss better at jiu-jitsu or arc raiders? Oh my god, dude. That's like asking like who's the tallest guy at a short guy convention. Um, it's hard to say. Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha, Moss. I'm just kidding. I don't know. I've never trained with Moss. Could be an absolute dog. I've never trained with Moss. He's scared to come to Paragon, you know, put the ghee on and scrap it out like a man. Mas is early in his Arc Raiders journey, though. He's, you know, he's still trying to get it figured out. He's, I think he's tainted his algorithm where he's getting some pretty aggressive lobbies as well. So, you know, we just get into firefights every time. There's no echo, dude. Don't try that, Ollie. Don't try the echo trick. Fix the echo. This dude, Ollie, we were playing. Last thing about Arc Raiders, they don't get back in on the jiu-jitsu. This dude complained that my mic was terrible every time I play with him. So, I upgraded my mic, got top of the line, and now it should be crispy as hell. Matt one. Who's on mat one? Nobody's on mat one. I'm checking I'm checking mat one. You got to tell me who's on it, too. You can't just spam Matt one. You got to let me know who's in the mix, you know. Uh, Matt one's currently empty, but I got my peepers on it. I'm staying frosty for Matt one. Oie's dropping Matt one. Ollie, are we super duper for real right now? Are we serious? Are we super duper serious right now, Olly? With the mat one. I'm about to go full screen mat one on an empty mat. All right, we got uh we got Josh Flores on map five. I'm switching this to map five to watch Josh Flores. &gt;&gt; Sumo Hollando Aier Ali. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Sumo Halando Ali Ollie wants to be a mod. You can't be trusted being a mod, bro. You're here to troll. I got I got a long list of Alycats in the Alleycats anonymous who have been finger snapping in back alleys with me, but long before you ever joined into this chat. And that's a long list of guys waiting to be mods, you know. I might I might throw one out for Mac Fab 10P. I might throw one out for Diego Silva. I might throw one out for Metagamer if he if he shows his face again. He's been laying low recently. But I got a long list of guys who are in line for modship who've just been doing the right thing, you know. All right, here we go. Bottom left, Josh Flores, Diego Ortiz. This is a scrappy poo alert, boys. Let's lock in. Let's lock in. Both matches on the bottom are pretty high stakes match. Gabriel Bro, Paul Ardella, Josh Flores, Diego Ortiz, and then we have our Chilean boy Carlos Rimero versus Jefferson Pontes. Oh shit. Bro, please let us see Antonella Masero. She's a Uruguayan black belt fighting in 5 minutes. I'm on that. I'm on that. I've been waiting for a Uruguayan to watch. We'll be watching that one. I'll keep my eyes peeled. Are we going to pretend we all didn't see his ass? Where? Which mat? Which mat? Which mat did we see his ass? Which one? Please let me know right now. What? Give me a time stamp. Please. Please send it. Please. Please. We got What do we got? We got six, eight, five, and seven. Four is empty. You guys are calling for three a little bit. The Chilean crucifix. Carlos Romero on the back here getting the winning the hand fight. Oh, he's throwing up the shaka though. Jefferson's throwing up the shaka. He's letting know it's all good. It's all good. Don't stress it. Top right ass siding. I'm not going to rewind for it. I'm going to wait and do that off stream. Uh Do you guys want me to switch to to mat three for Andrea Faras or mat four for Lucas? Oh, Lucas Galberto Franco Diaz. Oh, but we also got Wait a second. How did this one end? He tapped. Okay, Josh tapped him. Or no, no, no, no. Diego Ortiz tapped him. Oh, Diego Ortiz just tapped Josh Flores. Wow. All right. So, we So, Kawhi Gabriel and Josh Flores both been taken out of this bracket already. Fabian Ramirez still in it. And as far as I know, Philippe Machado still in it. Ernesto Rivera should be coming up next on map five bottom left. Uh yeah, Gabriel Bro is an absolute dog. I don't think he gets enough credit. He's a pretty newer black belt, trains under Phipe Brigiza, but yes, he's an absolute dog. You guys want me to switch this Hobson Ferrera match? There you go. There's Andre Fus. All right, let's see our neesto down here. Yeah, Kawhi Gabriel lost. Map five is up. Marcelo Fost versus Ernesto Rivero. Have we Matt? What's up, M Tube? Welcome in, brother. I was just talking about somebody was trying to trying to trying to call for mod ship. I was saying, "Bro, get in line." Like, you know, I got a long list of alleycats waiting for that spot. And Mac Tube, your name came up, brother. Keep playing your cards right. You keep doing the right thing in the chat. You know what I'm saying? We might see promotions around here. Are we going to watch the Sa Paulo Trials next week? You can believe it. We're going to watch it. Please put Cassie Mora number one poundfor-pound women's grappler. She earned it after beating Fon. Gotta talk to old Joey Joey Ranks on that one. Gabriel Bros getting the win over Paul Ardella. He advances. He is going to fight. If Gustava Batista wins his next round, he'll have Gustava Batista. But Batista's got to win it first. Ollie said we don't have to bring that up. Okay. Well, Mac tubes in the chat now. Uhoh. Uhoh. Technical difficulties on map seven. I got to get Brazil on the horn. Tell him to fix this pronto. All right, we're back. &gt;&gt; That's how quickly I can fix it. &gt;&gt; VA home. I'm a homeowner. No down payment required. &gt;&gt; Put Franco Diaz and Lucas Galberto up there. Uh, we don't currently have Matt 8 up. We just switched it. It was bottom right. What's going on down here? Map four is map four. Is this just glitch for me or that four might be glitched, boys. I don't see Enrico S yet on here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there we go. Technical difficulties. &gt;&gt; I mean, Paul Paul Ardill is like definitely has a a bid for being one of the best trials competitors of all time. Like, dude has won so many trials. He's done it so dominantly. Obviously, we just saw him take a loss there, but still, you know, we got our we got our peepers peeled for Enrico S, though, cuz I I Yeah, for sure. I want to watch Enrico S. Oh shit, you guys see that? That was crazy. Two big boys just came crashing down into Ernesto and Marcelo. That was Naz. What the hell? What the hell? Somebody check on Ernesto. Let's get a Let's get a Brazilian doctor out doctor out there in uh in like a lab coat to make sure he's all right. What are you saying? No need for smokesa. What are you talking about? Did uh did Carlos Romero win this one? Sorry, I keep getting distracted. It was Jefferson. &gt;&gt; Damn. &gt;&gt; Do I know who Kawhai Gabriel lost to? He lost to uh Bernardo Albuquerque. I don't actually know Bernardo Albuquerque that well, but &gt;&gt; yeah, I think that's the name of the guy he lost to. Nico says this is number one bullshit. I don't Hey, don't worry. Morales for Matt A. Pentoyo versus Batista. I got my peepers peeled and I'm staying frosty. I got on my on my 15th monitor. I'm watching Matt 8 to see when those guys take the match. But right now, it's still Hopson Fera versus Joel Pedro Fright. And it's not a very good match, so I don't want to show it. Definitely we're going to see some surprises today. Hixon, I mean Josh Flores also lost. Um, so Kawawaii and Josh both lost like M Tube says I have the perfect replacement for Gordon in the super fight against Kynan Ralon Abulv. I think I think it would be sick for Relon. I just want to like All right, so here's my take on that. I don't know if Relan should be the super fight, you know? I don't know if Ron should be the super fight. I think he should be in the plus 99 kilogram bracket. That's what I would like to see Relon do. I just don't think he should get to like like I know he has some wins over these guys, but I just don't think he should jump the line and go to the super fight, you know? Um I think but I do want to see him at ADCC. Maybe just give him an invite for plus 99. Like that would be kind of sick. Mix that one up. Get some fresh fresh faces in there. Yeah, we'll definitely keep an eye out for Philippe Machado today. Um, for sure trying to watch his matches. Let me check that 66 kilo bracket. Make sure there hasn't been any other, you know, oopsie poopsies out there. &gt;&gt; Marcel Fosta with the win here. Ernesto's not too happy about it, but why would he be? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll get Diego Ortiz versus Phipe Machado in the 66 bracket next. Um, also still in the bracket, Fabian Ramirez versus Daniel Amaran, Lucas Konto versus David Santos, Bernardo Albuquerque versus Santino Catalo. I think that's that should be it. Yeah, a little oopsie poopsies. Machado did not get subbed already. Kawawaii got subbed or not sub, maybe he just lost his decision. We got Paganini going down bottom right here. Pagan is a dog. &gt;&gt; Yeah, still no Gustavo Batista. I don't see Pedro Machado or Phipe Machado up either. Joah Ais versus Rafael Paganini. That should be a good one. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh, whoever in the chat was asking for that Uruguayan um female, give me an update on that. Matt eight right now is Pedro Lucas versus William Vanna. I don't know where you guys are getting your information. Asai Boa Anttoella Masaro. &gt;&gt; Okay, she's up right now on map four. Let's switch map five to map four to watch the Uruguayan. &gt;&gt; All right. All right, boys. Let's band together as a chat and cheer for this Uruguayan grappler, Antoanella Masaro. Let's get it going in the chat. Let's get it. Let's get uh dubs dubs in the chat for Antoanella Masaro. Everybody fire it off. We got to get behind her. She is getting the bid from the Alleycats Anonymous as the athlete we are rooting for. Shout out Uruguay. Haven't quite figured out which one she is yet. I believe she's in the I believe she's in the black rash guard. Yes, she should be in the black rash guard. &gt;&gt; That's sick. Jay Rogers, you train with Ernesto and Ardella brothers. Those dudes are pretty cool. Cool. Cool dup group of guys in Atlanta holding it down. Yep. W Antoanella, you got it, Victor. I'm shocked they haven't invited Matteas Shinski yet considering it's in Poland, but they got wrong. Mattesh get putting in Gameamrot. I mean, there's more invites to come. We'll see how it plays out. I think Matteas Gamro, they just wanted to like they wanted to drop like a dope Polish OG type of guy, you know, get the people going, get them talking. Don't change Eduardo Serieva. He's sick. All right. All right. Oh, look at these. Oh, I already like it. I just it I looked at it for one second immediately. Guy on bottom's giving him the no. You come to me. Guy on top's giving him the no. You come to me. That's sick. Now we're locked in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The finals will be today. It's just a one day event. Clutterly Gonavales. Team Kreio. You're really pushing Team Cresio. Shout out Team Creio. People Chiapy already fought. Yeah, he lost. You're talking about Chiappy the Chilean wood chipper. Yeah, he lost. He didn't go down without a fight, though. &gt;&gt; It's kind of refreshing seeing a bunch of fights not immediately go to leglocks. Yeah, true. I I I don't mind the leg locks always. Sometimes I think the leg locks get a bad rap. Like there's cool shit going on with leg locks, too. But yeah, you're right. It's cool. It's cool to see a diverse application of technique throughout the entire Oh, dude. Antoanella just hit her with a surfboard, dude. That's why we cheer for Antoanella. That's what I'm talking about. Into the arm bar. Break it. Break it. Break it. Break it, Antuanella. You got it. Stay on it. Stay on it. Maybe switch to a shoulder tank if you need to. Oh, let's go. Big dubs for Antoanella. Big dubs in the chat for Antoanella with the dub there. the first Alleycatbacked athlete of the event and she gets to the dub. That's the power of the Alleycats Anonymous. When we're finger snapping down a dark alley and we decide to give an give an athlete our full support, they get wins. Simple as that. We're influencing not just the result of the match, the result of the tournament, but the results of jiu-jitsu history itself. That's the power of the Alleycats Anonymous. If you come at us, you better come correct. We don't mess around. Once we declare an athlete, we don't mess around. We get wins. Simple as that. Shout out Antoanella. Shout out Uruguay. And shout out Chile while I'm at it. Chile Lelay. Chile. Viva Chile. You know that. You boys know what I'm talking about. You boys know what I'm talking about, dude. We're 1 and0 here at the Alleycats Anonymous for backed athletes. That's what's up. If you boys got an athlete you think we should back, you boys let me know. All right, I'll do the intelligence. I'll do some background intelligence on my 15th and 16th monitor. We'll get down to the bottom of it. We'll decide if we back them. If we back them, they win. Simple as that. And if they don't, we know they're going to be back next time. We know they're going to be back next time. And next time, things are going to be different. And that's what I'm talking about, everybody. Antoanella fights Julia Boser now. That's kind of sick. Julia Boser, pretty sick athlete as well. I'm not going to lie. She very well could be an athlete. the Alleycats anonymous back. So, this is a little bit of, you know, a two friends of the program type of match, but it's pretty sick. We got two technical difficulty screens going on. Do I need to get Brazil on the horn right now and get this fixed? We can't have a quad box with a 50% technical difficulty screen going, boys. But I know the boys at FL will get it fixed soon enough. That was better saying than before. Okay, sick. All right, I'm improving. I'm improving. And that's what the Alleycats Anonymous is about. It's not about being at the tippity top. It's about current. It's about always working towards the tippity top. Always pursuing the tippity top. Because even when we're at the tippity top, we're only halfway there. We've only just begun. When we're all the way at the tippity top of the sport, of the stream, of the matches, anything in life, when we're at the tippity top, we're only halfway there, brother. Because our potential is limitless. And that's what it's all about. It's about getting better as we go. And I just, you know, you guys saw the improvement in the song already. Who knows? Who knows what we're going to improve next? You know what I'm talking about? I'm talking about RGB everything probably. That's the next improvement. Going to have so much RGB. You guys are going to just You're going to call me RGB. Majid's up now. All right, let's log back in. That was our monologue segment of the stream where I just talk about nothing for a little bit. Hopefully you guys enjoyed it. Let's see here. We got Fab and Matt three. Uh, I'm going to switch this match. This match's been going on for too long and it's not that cool. I'm going switch that to Fabian. Ooh. Ooh. This says it's Philippe Machado. I gotta go. What's going on here? We're We're having some issues. Oh. Uh, I'm get I'm getting lost in the quad box, boys. I'm getting lost in the quad box. Give me a second. Give me a second. &gt;&gt; It should be Phipe Machado coming up. I think he's This is map four, so he should be coming up right here. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Get out of the camera. Antonio Romero, get out of the camera. Did you guys see that? That was crazy. That was insane. We almost got taken out. We literally almost got taken out by those dudes. These big boys. What's going on? Okay. Okay, there we go. It's loading in now. Femachado Diego Trice should be coming out here soon. Uh, I saw you guys say Roosevelt, but I don't see him on my Okay. Maj's Matt Seven. Phipe Machado with the platinum blonde. Listen, I always I've always said Philippe Machado, he's the Peter Pan of jiu-jitsu. Something about him. He's got this Peter Pan energy about him and I like it. I mean that in the best way. And that hair might help. You know, he's got the pink and green kit. Phipe Machado is looking dangerous and he's looking good while doing it. Falls back into the leg. Little honey hole entry for you 10 peers. Diego Ortiz. Diego Ortiz a little game though. Yeah, he's game. He knows what he's doing. We got to get Majid up here. I'm switching to the Majid mat. Top top left. Is this Matteas Masaminto versus Majid? All right, here we go. This is a good quad box. I don't know much about Ramiro and Antonio, but you guys are saying it's it's uh super hot fire. We got Fabian versus Daniel Amore. Top right, we got Majid Hayes versus Matteas Nasa Mento. Top left, Philippe Machado passing the guard bottom left. This is what I'm talking about. This is a quad box. Now we're cruising. Majid switched t-shirts for this one. He did the old t-shirt switch. Oh. Oh, little cheeky guard poolool. Oh, little sneaky guard pu tried to trick Majid. You can't trick a trickster. Yeah, we got to lock in. That's my bad. My bad. Phone's away. Phone's away. Let's lock in. All right. All right. I'll I'll switch uh Ramiro's mat to Matt 2 to watch Lucas Kanto next. Ramire Leon trains at Kingsway Black Belt from Spain. Viva Spain. Yeah, I'll put him up next. Can you put Matt 8? Um, it's Maria Claraara versus Wells Casuza. Maybe here in a second. Here in a second. We're We're kind of locked in with these four right now. Ei is finally up on map five. All right. I'm sorry to do this to the Romero fans. Seems like he's just going to continue kind of in this mount back uh fixed face cam. But that's just how I look. Sheesh. Wait, you guys made me stop logging in. Daniel Amarin gets it done. All right. This is going to map five for Eli Brass. Did Philipe Machado just lose? Dude, this is insane. 66 is nuts. We're about to see a fresh face in 66 kilos. Wow. Shout out Diego Ortiz. I mean, congratulations to him. I appreciate that. No, Nick. Appreciate that. You call me a pretty guy and all. I needed to hear that. I needed to hear that after all he was trying to be mean about facecam. I appreciate that. My guy. I knew I could trust you. That's pretty crazy. So, Phipe Machado is out, man. Kawhi Gabriel, Josh Flores, Philippe Machado, all eliminated from the bracket, dude. 66. What a crazy division, dude. We I made a video. I said I asked, "Are we going to see a breakout star of 66 kilos?" To be honest, I thought it would probably most likely be Phippe Machado or Kawhi Gabriel, but it looks like we're going we're going next gen even. We're going we're going to the next next gen. So, that's insane. Diego Ortiz looks really good. All right, Matt 2. Gez, you guys don't have to yell. Lucas KTO is not even up on Matt 2 yet. So, now what? Now what? You guys made me click Matt 2 to get Lucas KTO. You guys weren't He wasn't even there. Now, here I am looking stupid. Yeah, 66 is no joke. No joke. We're gonna switch this one to uh this. Is this one you guys were asking for? That's right. We're going to watch you next weekend, Hixon, &gt;&gt; my boy. Uh Roosevelt won his last one by submission. I think we're waiting to see him come back around. Walking burgers. &gt;&gt; Walking burgers. Where are they going? &gt;&gt; Sorry, I hit the mic. Let's not stress about the timers too much. Let's not Everybody don't lock in on the timers. All right, we got Walkin Burger versus Bone Bone. &gt;&gt; Underrated classic matches. Sam McN versus Jos Neros and Dorian Oliver versus Garbbe. Trust me, &gt;&gt; that's truth. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm switching mat two because it's not Lucas Kanto yet to mat six for Maria Claraara. Someone was asking for that. And then you guys want you guys want Bone Bone. Um yeah, Roosevelt's match is in it. The the submission happens uh off camera though. But yeah, it's it should be in this bottom left corner if I remember correctly. How did Majid just win? Points or something, bro. I I hope Majid wins. Maybe I'll just say I don't know. like Gustavo Batista and stuff. I don't know. That's hard to say. It's hard to ever say like I hope this guy wins honestly. But it would be cool if Majid won to be honest. That would be sick. But we should have top right Gustavo versus Vtor Pentoya. But having some issues. Josh lost via submission. What's up Jlyn? Welcome to the chat Joslyn. Jasine, what what what kind of passports do you have? I know we saw you at uh East Coast Trials. We're probably going to see a West Coast Trials. What do you have? Do you have any other passports? Why aren't you at South American Trials, I guess? &gt;&gt; I know you guys are looking for Lucas GTO on Matt 2. He's not up yet. &gt;&gt; I'll let you know if he is. All right, Matt. Matt 8 might be cooked. I'm sorry, boys. We're switching it to to Bone Bones match. Thanks for hopping in the chat, Joslyn. It's always a pleasure whenever you join in. Appreciate you supporting us, you know, and we'll support you, too. You guys really want Matt, too? Really want Matt 2. You want Matt 2, you'll get it. We're switching Matt 7 to Matt 2. Let's see. Let's see if Gustavo Batista's mat is working now. All right, we're back. We're back. Half Puerto Rican. Okay, gotcha. So, you're just locked in on South America or uh North American Trials. You we going to see you get a dubsky West Coast Trials? How long ago was Roosevelt's match? Um to be honest, I have no idea how long I've even been streaming. Let's say an hour ago. Uh, we've been streaming for like two hours. Paul Ardella lost the last match. Your girls were about to fight. Anna Beatatrice and Maria Almeida. Drew, you're the goat. Thank you. Appreciate that. Drew, my guy. I couldn't do it without you guys watching. &gt;&gt; All right. Are we getting Lucas KTO on Matt 2 now? Yes, we are. David Santos versus Lucas Kto. Get them Argentinian flags flying for Lucas Kto in the chat. I got my peepers peeled for Enrico. Don't you worry. Don't you worry. You can bet your bottom dollar we'll be watching Enrico say soon enough. Don't you worry one little second about that. No problem, Ignasio. Ooh, I've been messing up. Pantoia is Pantoia. Oh, that's my bad. That is my bad. Shout out Pantoia. Nobody tell him I was messing up his name. Here we go. The art argentinian boy himself, Lucas Kento. The people are clamoring for him. He's got David Santos. Going to be a tough match either way. Yeah. Fire off those flags. Everybody rep your set. Let everybody know what you're repping. &gt;&gt; Just so you guys know, if you're not seeing it in the quad box, Anna Beatatric is taking the back right now. She has a a body triangle from the back. It's a wonderful rash card. I can't deny it. I can't deny it. And a Beatrice just got the sub. That's some off stream watching I'm doing. I'm watching. You see you? I'm watching the quad box with you guys. And then I got freaking another quad box over here. I'm watching. That's eight. That's eight boxes. That's the oo box. This is flow grappling the oo bone bone with the dove. Bomb bone's going to be hard to beat. Got 2183 going right now. Yeah, the super eight Batista and Pandoraia taking it off the mats a little bit. I want to back to the belt thing in Nogi. I 100% think you should be able to grab the belt. I know you're not allowed to cuz in Noi you can't grab like the kit, you know, but kind of would be funny if you could still grab the belt. Imagine Adam Worzinski Noi against a guy wearing a belt. That would be electric, dude. He would be belt gripping like a like a freaking madman. And is pretty good, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Getting a sub with the belt. You like wrapping around like a scarf choke. All right, we got Franco Diaz and Francisco Low coming up on mat five. Should we switch mat 3 to mat five for that? I think so. &gt;&gt; Me thinking so. I mean, Pento's is good. He's having some good looks, but just like Gustavo Batista is just, you know, a different level of grappler. And so even if it's like Pantosia is like getting close to getting the back, it's like Batista is shutting it down, getting back to his guard, not allowing points. Just kind of like the stuff that like a really experienced good dude is able to do against kind of like a a young hot start upandcomer. You know, the type of things that a guy does when he just wins matches. And honestly, Gustavo Batista just wins matches at the end of the day. Here we go. Francisco Lo Franco Diaz coming up bottom right. Franco Diaz uh trains with Roberto a lot if I'm not mistaken. Batista shoots in, but he gets stuffed with the front headlock sprawl. We also have Tyrone Gonzalez versus Raphael Paganini coming up, too. That's a pretty good one. All right, who's getting the dubsky here? Oh, Pantosia gets the win over Gustava Batista. There's some there's some young fresh blood in the water at this trials. I mean, this has been pretty wild for uh for, you know, some newcomers staking their claim at a potential trials gold, getting to the big show in Krakow, Poland. All right. So, Enrico say should be coming up here. Bottom left. Matt 8. He should be up soon enough. I'mma switch this top right to Paganini versus uh Tyrone. Boom. Boom. There we go. Shout out to 380 of you guys watching right now. Appreciate you guys for joining into the stream, making it possible so that the Black Ops Division can do something like this. You know, couldn't do it without you guys. So, I appreciate that. And also, shout out all the people watching on their uh on their on their TVs right now. I was digging into the analytics a little bit, little bit of an analytics guy myself and I was diving in and majority of people watch these streams on their TV. I don't know if it's a Roku TV. I don't know if you got a smart TV. I don't know what if you're watching on the Xbox app. I don't know for sure, but I appreciate you boys watching on your TV. I know you can't really chat from the TV. It's a little harder, but I appreciate you boys watching. So, don't think just because I can't see your messages coming through, you TV watchers, that you're not appreciating. I don't see you guys out there. I see you. I watch most of my YouTube, most of my streams on the TV as well, so I respect it. Sorry, Kika. We had to switch over to Pagadini versus Tyrone Gonzo says Gujitsu. That's right, baby. Watching from both. That's what I'm talking about. Everybody pull it up on every possible device you have. Pull it up on your iPad, your laptop, your gaming PC, your TV, your girlfriend's TV, your girlfriend's boyfriend's TV. Put it pull it up on all of that. Let's get it going everywhere. Your phone. Call your grandma. Tell her to put it on there. Uh Matt 2 is is top left right now. It's still Lucas KTO versus David Santos. Yeah, Mag's fighting. Um, he keeps advancing, advancing, chatting the f. We do show the girls. We were watching them for a long time. Kind of wasn't going anywhere. I can show them some more. That's on me. Chatting the phone. Full screen TV. Um, watching all my Nokia. That's what I'm talking about. Anna Karolina Petty just won. I did not see Philipe Porto Shyavon fight yet. &gt;&gt; It's on my girlfriend's boyfriend's TV as we speak. That's what I'm talking about. You know that. And he probably doesn't even do jiu-jitsu, dude. Time to put him on game. Listen, if you're going to be my girlfriend's boyfriend, you got to at least watch jiu-jitsu, you know? You got to at least watch the stream. Can you play Chief Keef while we watch? No, I can't because of copyright laws. I have 350 incognito tabs open watching the stream. That's what I'm talking about. Get those. I saw the numbers boost right there once you started opening those incognito. That's what I'm talking about. Look at that. We hit over 400 now. Keep it climbing, boys. Go open more devices. Pull it up on more devices. Got it on the Motorola flip phone. Now we're talking, dude. Let's get these numbers through the roof. Keep opening opening tabs, opening devices until we hit over 500. We got to go nuts on it. I have 38 monitors right now, all just with my own stream playing. This is this is a, you know, a psychologist dream to walk in here and just see me watching myself stream on 38 monitors. All right, do you guys we have Santino Catalo over Bernardo Albuquerque. Bernardo Albuquerque is the guy who took out Kawhi Gabriel. Do you guys want me to pull that up or no? Takedown Theory. Appreciate you for being in here. Watch live streamer TV. Thanks for jumping in the chat. Good to see you in the chat. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm I'm gonna switch this over to the Bernardo Albuquerque match. He's the one who uh he beat Kawhi Gabriel, so we got to keep an eye on him. Yeah, Kawawaii lost did lose. All right, we got it. Santi Katalo versus Bernardo Albuquerque. Psychologist here. I can attest this is not my dream. I'm scared of you. Please stop. You can't stop me, dude. You can't stop me. We're about to see Enrico S invert and get into the legs here. Watch this. This is a prediction. He's going to invert. He's going to capture the legs. He's going to build connection. Invert, get in on the legs. Here we go. Now, here comes a little inversion. False reap. Nope. Nope. Oh, wait. Never mind. I was trying to watch in the background of another match, but I was watching the wrong one. Matario for Marcelo Fa. All right, let's switch. We got uh Dia Tatami right here. Brazilian media blocking our camera. That's okay. All right, there you go. There's Matt 2. Marcel Fa. Enrico say is a is a kind of wild body type. He's so long and lanky. Like I don't necessarily like he's not necessarily like a huge dude. He's big for sure, like tall and long, but he's not like like Gustavo Batista is like a little shorter, but just like thick as hell. Um, whoa, whoa, wait a wait a minute. Zark Fit, they told me I wasn't allowed to airplay the stream on every screen in my apartment complex. Yeah, dude. Don't listen to them. The Alleycats Anonymous operates by no rules. No man nor apartment complex tells us where or where not to airplay our streams. Get it going. I need you to get it going on every TV in there. And don't stop till you get enough. You know what I'm saying? And we are far from enough. Roosevelt onto the semis. Two match two subs under a minute. Did we miss it? Bernardo Albuquerque putting together a run. We &gt;&gt; got Hobinho coming up. Matt one. &gt;&gt; He should be up next there. Yeah, they can't box you in, dude. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Bernardo's run is crazy right now, to be honest. I think Diego Ortiz also super impressive run. So he got some Oh, Marcela Fa on the heel. You got a He got a little hill exposure there. Is he going to be able to get it done now? He's off camera. I mean, these Milky Galva kids, they just like, they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming. You know what I mean? And they hit the ground running. It just seems like every other match is a Milky Kid. Just a blue or purple belt Milky Kid just going out there and being an absolute dog. And now one of them's taking on Hobinho. We got Antoineella Masaro versus Julia Boser. She's an Alleycats backed athlete. Uh, no, it's a super good point, Kika Kush. Just going to say if we're watching every fight at the same time, are you really seeing anything? I'm not seeing anything at all because I'm also reading the chat. I'm watching the stream back in to make sure it's working still. I'm watching nothing and I'm seeing everything. I'm seeing everything but watching nothing. So, you know, uh let's switch one of these. Oh, there we go. We got it actually coming right here. All right, boys. Antoanella Masaro, the Uruguayan grappler, taking on Julia Boscher. Like I said before, both these girls friends of the programs, but we did officially announce Antoanella Masero as an Alleycats anonymous backed athlete. So, we got to ride with her. Let's get W's Antuinella in the chat. Let's get it going. Let's get it pumped up right now for Anuanella. She's 1 and0 as an Alcats backed athlete. And we got to keep that riding. We got to keep that riding. We got to get our We got to get our Alleycats anonymous backed athletes all the way to the finals, all the way to the championship, all the way to worlds. And we got to make something big here. The power of the Alleycats. Get the Uruguayan flags going in the chat. Get the W's going in the chat. Let's ride for Antoanella. Like I said, Julia Bash a friend of the program as well. So, you know, this one's going to be a little bit of a heartbreaker one way or another, but sometimes that's how the cookie crumbles. And honestly, Julia is very, very good at jiu-jitsu. So, definitely going to be, you know, a tough match, but Antoineella has the power of the Alleycats behind her. They whenever whenever someone fights an alleycats anonymous backed athlete, you can hear out in the distance, you can hear a group of like-minded individuals just snapping in a back alley, far and distant away. It doesn't matter how far away we are from the action itself, you can still hear the remnants of the alley cats just just just, you know, snapping along, just letting them know that, you know, there's a there's a horde of groups, just a bunch of sleeper cells, if you will. Oh, she's got to fight off this leg lock. Female grappers are a lot better. Oh. Oh. All right. All right, Julia Bosa got the win there with the submission. Shout out Julia. Good for her. But like I said before, it's not about being perfect. It's not about being at the tippity top of the mountain. Oh, dang. Enrico say just lost also. Crazy. This trials is nuts. But it's not about being at the tippity top of the mountain. It's about getting to the top of the mountain, realizing you're only halfway there. You barely even tapped into your potential. And just like we're doing that right now, shout out, you know, uh, Antoanella because she's only barely realizing her potential. And she'll be back. She'll be back for sure. I hope we see her next trials. Julia is just too good. Reed is right. Julia is very good. Antoanella is not there yet, but she will be soon enough. And she has the supports of the Alley Cats behind her, so things are only looking up for her. Things are only looking up for her. Shout out Julia. Good work there. It's going to be hard to be Julia, but we still ride. We still ride, boys. Can't stop Trey and the flowcho. That's right. &gt;&gt; All right, we got Pantoia versus Bro coming up. &gt;&gt; What else do we got? What else do we got? Marcel Fa is still up there. Eli Braz is Eli Braz up. I don't see him on my my central intelligence uh computers. I don't see him. Eli brass. Eli brass. Eli brass. Cladary Gonavales has became the number one chatter just by saying Eli brass. Respect. I don't see Brad's going out yet. I'll switch to him if he goes, but I don't see him yet. I &gt;&gt; think we're waiting on some to load. Uh, no, that's not the finals. It shouldn't be the finals yet. &gt;&gt; I don't think it's the finals. Oh wow. We are uh the semis are set. Daniel Amaran versus Diego Ortiz for the 66 kilo or semi-finals are set and Bernardo Albuquerque versus David Santos. Shout out them. Let's look at 77. 77. We're still in the quarters. Hobinho versus uh Gabriel Montero, which is what we're watching. Julio Martinez versus Marcelo Fa. Arley Brando versus Marco Albuquerque. Is that is that Bernardo Albuquerquekey's brother? Are they related? Do you guys know? Um and then the other semi-final set, Martin Abiel. Let's go to 88. Quick little bracket updates for everybody. 88 we got Gabriel Bro versus Pantoia. That's the quarterfinal. We also have Emerson Freightosa versus Majid Hayes coming up. And then the semi is set on the other side of the bracket. It's going to be Franco Diaz and Tyrone Gonzalez. Under 99. Under 99, we got Eli Braz versus Victor Batista, Patriceio Tomas versus Hafo Trabuka, uh, Ramire Leon, and then Philippe Trobo is already into the semis plus 99. Roosevelt's into the semis. Pedro uh Bone Bone versus Yatan Bueno's coming up in the quarters. Or wait, wait, wait, wait. Pedro Lucas versus Yatan's coming up in the quarters. And then Pedro Bomb Bone is he is up against Venicius Lesa in the quarters. And then Antonio Aif has already made it to the semis in plus 99. Let's go to the women's brackets. Semis for the women's bracket. Bianca Giani versus Estafania Atidia. This is uh what is this? Argentina versus Argentina. And then Weirian versus Monserat on the other side. I think BA Bianca Gianini is going to win that one if I had to give my prediction. Can you say 67, bro? There you go. There you go. Um semi-finals for minus 65. Julia Bosch is in the finals. Then Maria Barbosa versus Anna Silva in the quarters. On the other side, Pamela Manila versus Maria Claraara is in the quarters. And Natal Natalia Colasso has made the semis plus 65. We're in the quarters. Maria Gilpin, Maria Rafo Gilpin, Julia Khini, Maria Claraara, Annab Beatatrice, Ingred Souza, Anna Karolina, and then Laura Fritzen has already made the semis. There we go. That's a bracket update for you guys. Who won between Bro and Pentoia? I missed it. I was reading the brackets. Eli Braz is in the top left corner here. Switch this to Matt Six. All right. Monster is our girl. Who surprised me in these trials? I would say Diego Ortiz. I would say Bernardo Albuquerque. A lot of the guys in the 66 kilos bracket to be honest. Uh 66 Gil has been kind of nuts. A lot of surprises in that 66 bracket. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Pantosia, too. He's looked really good. &gt;&gt; Pantoia won. &gt;&gt; Who won that? The result hasn't been updated yet. &gt;&gt; You think uh you think Chia the Chilean wood chipper got robbed, huh? Pentio, how's my Portuguese? Rate my Portuguese. Ainda now. Ainda now. I feel like I'm like intruding on you guys' conversation. Perfect pronunciation. Appreciate that. Ben Kovac. Boom. Boom. Broforte Brotoforte. You're saying Bro is very strong. I knew that one. I got that one. Bro is very strong. I'm getting kind of hungry, boys. I haven't even eaten today. Boy got to eat. You can't skip lunch. You just can't skip lunch. on max six. I'm trying to watch for it, but yeah, this is this Maria Barbarosa versus Maria Barbosa match is still going on. So, he should be up there after I don't know what's going on on mat five, but let's switch it to mat eight. Should be Pedro Lucas and Yatan Bueno. Some big boys shaking the mats. Mat three, Tonardo. I Trabuka wins. I think Trabuka won. Eli Braz working a little pass here. He's just kind of shuffling the legs. Is he going to go to mount from here? Little armbar. Little armbar from Maria Claraara. And she gets the tap. What's going on in Pantoia Bro? Why is it like Why are they just sitting like that? I got my I got my peepers on I got my peepers on Pantoia broge in on my other screen on my 14th screen. So if it if it kicks up, don't worry. I'll w I'll move it over. But it's not it's nothing's happening on it right now. I promise you. I can promise you this. Nothing's happening on it. But I am probably going to have to quit streaming soon. So we're getting closer to the finals, the semi-finals. I don't know how much longer I'm going to keep streaming, but make sure you guys are going to flowgrappling.com if you want to watch this. You got to subscribe. But, you know, that's what makes this possible. We got to get subscriptions so that then I can do things like bring you guys the quad box. So, if you know, if you guys are able and willing, do me a favor, go to flowgrappling.com, get signed up, you can watch all the rest of the finals, you can do a month subscription, you can do a year, you know, whatever you so please. And there's a lot of good jiu-jitsu coming up. W know32 is coming March 31st. So you subscribe now, you'll get to watch that one. Even if it's just a month subscription, you'll get to watch the next South American trials. You get to watch a lot of dope stuff. I believe you pans will even be in that. So if you guys, you know, if you're able and willing. All right, here we go. Pantoia Bro, they just walked out. I'mma switch Matt 2 to Pantoia Bro. I told you guys I wouldn't miss it. Right on time. Hey, Nico. I get we're all broke, but go ahead and ask your girlfriend's boyfriend if he could front you a little cash and have no intention of paying him back. Maria Rafado it looks like coming out now. All right, I'm going to be right back. I'm going to leave you guys unattended. I'm going to go grab a protein bar and then I'll be right back. Okay. I don't want anybody acting up while I'm gone. I'm going to put You know what? I'm going to put Nico in charge. He's been active the whole time. Nico Enriquez, you are in charge while I'm gone. You let me know if anybody acts up or anything. If anybody gets a little rowdy in the chat or if I miss anything in the quad box actually, real quick. Did I just miss something right now? Oh shit. Gabriel Bro, you hit him with the Come on. Rubbing's racing, brother. Rubbing's racing. What are we doing? What are we doing here? You know what I'm talking about. What are we doing? Come on. That was a little bit much, bro. I'll admit it. But all right, Nico Enriquez, you're in charge while I'm gone. I will be right back. So what if my girlfriend's boyfriend brought the protein bars? Anyone? Y'all behaving? &gt;&gt; You're taking bets on the brand of the protein bar? All right, I won't tell you yet. I think this is like some I'll bet Cash Money it's barbell. You guys want me to You guys want me to give any hints or No, I feel like it's kind of like a a little bit of like a hippie- dippy brand. I don't know. Getting a little artsy with the with the protein bars. What we doing? Let's lock in. &gt;&gt; All right. Majid should be up. Yep. Yep. He's bottom left right there. The protein bar brand is Misfits. I don't really know. My girlfriend's boyfriend bought these. I'm not sure, but they're pretty tasty. Now, I'm gonna eat it very loudly into the mic for you guys. So, enjoy. What's your day? All right, that was the segment of the show where I sit quietly uh and eat a protein bar. Thank you guys for watching. &gt;&gt; Majid is an absolute dog. He's a beast. I like how we're getting doubles right now of Gabriel Bro, Pantoia, and McGreed Hayes versus Emerson. You can see both of those matches in the background of the other matches. Doubles his best. All right. Bro falling back on a little get ends up coming. I mean, bro, bro's just top spinning, going top, going to the back like a madman right now. Floating it a little bit, if you will. The We just saw a ref throw in a Zen. Might as well do the same except I'm on the bellows. Nah, Majid Hayes, not a rashar guy. To be honest, I've heard Majis talk about this before. I think he actually has a good point. like he wears basically board shorts and a t-shirt and he lives and trains in Delmare, California, just outside San Diego. And he tells people like who want to come train in his gym like like someone who's never done jiu-jitsu before, he he says just like yeah, just like show up in like an old shirt you don't mind like potentially ripping or whatever and some board shorts and like come do like a trial class. You know, he doesn't try to push people into the ghee right off the rip because like I'm pretty sure this is how he's explained it. there's already a barrier to entry to like coming in and starting jiu-jitsu. Like that's obviously the hardest part is like walking into the gym. It's obviously for someone who's never done it, that's like a weird thing. Like what the hell's going on in here, you know? But like to kind of make it more chill, little scrappy poo. Oh my gosh. Holy shit. That scrambled nuts. That was awesome. But to make like to lower that barrier to entry where someone just like can walk in in the stuff they're used to wearing and do their like trials that way. It does kind of make sense. So I kind of ride with it. Looks like bros just beat Pantoia. Pantoia not happy. &gt;&gt; He did not look happy. Why does Flo charge $40 a month? I don't know. I Is that what we charge? But uh I'm not on the pricing team. I'm on the content team. I'm in the Black Ops division. So, I just know things about how I'm streaming to you guys right now. I don't know about our pricing. I let smarter people than I figure that one out. But obviously they have a reason. Oops. Uh, I'm probably not going to stream the finals. I don't know how much longer I'm going to stream to be honest. I might get off here soon. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You're right. chance we could I could give away a subscription. Let me figure that out. Let me try and figure that out. Maybe next week. Let me talk to some people that actually have power within the company. Um Ben Kovac joins sometimes. He has a little He's more power than me, you know? He's a big dog. I'm a I'm a foot soldier in the trenches trying to bring you guys some fun stuff, making jiu-jitsu fun time, make it easier to watch. But let me talk let me talk to these guys. Let me see if I can do like a chat giveaway where at the end like maybe it's like we pull everyone who chatted and stuff throughout and then we can try and give a free subscription for the next trials. Maybe. Let me see. Let me see if I can pull it off. Nico, thanks for reminding me. I'll I'll work on it and I'll see what I can do. Look at that baby shark walking around in the background. Top left. Bone Bone just hitting slidebys with authority. Majid the wrestler a bit here. Baby Shark just doing a selfie video in the top left. This This is me doing a voiceover for Baby Shark's video. Hey, what's up guys? I am Baby Shark here. I'm the uh the baby goat. I'm the twotime champion here at Trials. Uh today I'm watching all these guys and seeing if someone will come and try to take my belt, but they won't. Baby Shark. The Baby Shark. That was my DOM impersonation. Don't clip that and send it to him. As far as jiu-jitsu impersonations go, I got a pretty good Kyoter, too. I can hit a pretty good Kyotera impersonation. I feel like my Dio one's not bad. If you guys have heard Dio talk, that one's not bad, either. Golden Ryan, I want you. Emerson got Miji in a bit of a compromised position here. &gt;&gt; Trash man. What did I say? Don't clip it. Oh, Mji going to find his way out of here. No, no, no. I sounded like Dio. Not true, G. I sounded like Dio. Oh, man. Time Mid with the veteran move there. You got to stand up and just be like, I won. That's a smart move. &gt;&gt; Who you guys got? Who got in this decision? Majid or Emerson? I see some of you riding with Emerson. All right, here we go. Majid Hayes advances. There we go. Majid. &gt;&gt; Majid keeps it going. &gt;&gt; All right, boys. I might after we might see how this bone bone match ends up. Then we might take a a look at the brackets as they stand as we get into some of the semis and finals and then I might end it there. So, let's kind of see how this one plays out. Let's go. Let's go. Uh let's go singular singular shot here for this All right. How's that? Boom boom getting them rowdy. Bon Bon getting the boys rowdy. Oh. Oh, getting into the table. The boys getting into the table a little bit. You guys think Emerson won that clearly? Remember now, you judge the whole match. You don't just judge the last the last little bit. I think it's hard not to have a recency bias to be honest, even when judging, but got to judge the whole match. Bone Bone's a sturdy dude. He's just keeping the like double down blocks down the whole time. He doesn't even care if homeboy grabs on the head at all. He's just sturdy as hell. Let's do some travel. Some sick shoving going on. &gt;&gt; Whoa. Whoa. 360 from Bone Bone. Had a spin on it real quick. You know what I'm saying? Quick little 360 on him. Let him know. Oh, big throw. Heath the ref liked it. Weird Al's cheesing off that one. &gt;&gt; What do you guys think? Bon Bon going to be able to finish off the back here? &gt;&gt; What do you guys think? Oh, got the tongue out. Ah, &gt;&gt; you know, it's it's fun to play koi and whatnot when you're in that position, but I will say very often we see a guy who kind of starts emoting like that, like, ah, I'm on bottom. I'm fine. You know, you kind of often see them get submitted soon after. I think everybody calls him weirdo. &gt;&gt; Little power. He's going I thought he was going to go power half there. &gt;&gt; Bone Bone got to have one of the most powerful power halves in the game. Now &gt;&gt; he's back to this rear body lock. &gt;&gt; Little sit out. Bone bone stays on it. &gt;&gt; Of course, Nico. I'm glad to do it. Thanks for watching, bro. Appreciate you stopping in, commenting. Helps me out. You know, I should be back next weekend for sure for for a second South American trials. We got to get to the bottom of some of these divisions next weekend. You know, I don't know who's going to come out victorious in some of these divisions. we saw. But things definitely did not shake up as I predicted. Like a lot of breakout performances. So that makes me even more curious for next weekend. &gt;&gt; They're using all the mats now. All right. Feel like Bone Bone should have that one. &gt;&gt; What say you guys? What say you guys? Who are you giving the decision to? Pedro Alex Bone Bone or Venicious Lesa? I feel like it's Bone Bone. decision. &gt;&gt; That sweat dripping off Pedro. All right, here we go. Who's going to get it? Boom. Boom. Boom. Bone advances. All right, let's look at let's look at the brackets and where they stand. I believe we're going into the semi-finals now. Let's do a quick bracket update. We'll start with the men's 66. This is all in smooth comp if you guys want to look at it for yourself. Let's go. 66. We got Bernardo Albuquerque versus David Santos on the other side. Daniel Amaran versus Diego Ortiz. all dudes who kind of, you know, broke out throughout this, at least for me. A lot of big breakout performance in this 66. Some pretty crazy results. 77. Quick little refresh. Quick little refresh. Uh, we got Gabriel Bro versus Mjid Hayes. Pretty sick one. And then Tyrone Gonzalez versus Franco Diaz. So, some crazy names in there, too. That was actually 88. Sorry, I went out of order. So, that was 88. This should be 77. &gt;&gt; Uh, we got Gabriel Andra versus Julio Martinez. A couple mey kids going to have to scrap it out. and then Marco Albuquerque versus Martine Abiel &gt;&gt; at 77. So definitely a lot of fresh faces, a lot of new guys in these semis. Probably going to see some new trials champs by the end of all this. &gt;&gt; Then we got Eli Braz versus Rafael Trabuko &gt;&gt; going. And then on the other side, Ramro Leon versus Phipe Trovo. in minus 99 plus 99. &gt;&gt; We got Roosevelt Soua versus Yatan Bueno. Pretty crazy match. That That one might have happened recently. Did that happen on BJ Stars or No. And then uh Bone Bone versus Antonio ASF. And for the female divisions minus 55, we got Bianca Gianini versus Estephania Ataria. And we're at Julie versus Monserat. Some pretty cool ones there. Minus 65. Yeah, all these matches will happen today. What's up, Froggy? Welcome in, bro. We're just kind of wrapping up. We're going through the brackets uh are all the way up to the semis. So, we're going through the semi-final matchups and we're going to end soon. Thanks for hopping in, Froggy. Good to see you. Uh so, in minus 65, Julia Basher versus Anna Silva. Silva, Maria Claraara versus Natalia Kaso. I'm just going with the name I can see. I know maybe they go by the second name, but I can't see it, so I can't read it as well. And your boy needs all the help he can get. And then plus 65, we're going to see Maria Rafado Gilpin versus Maria Cla Claraara. And then Ingred Souza versus Lara Fritzen. So there's all the semifinals. Those are about to happen right now. Um I'm not sure if they're going to have like a little break. Let me Yeah, I'm sure they're gonna they're probably going to do like a little break. Probably going to do a little break, I assume, so that they can uh adjust the matt cameras and stuff. Get set up for the semi-finals to probably run uh two semi-finals at once. And uh do the women also get an invite in this trial? No, they don't get an invite for this one. They'll get an invite next weekend at the second South American trials. So, but the semi-final is about to go down now. Go over to flowgrappling.com if you guys want to watch that. Get you a monthly subscription, get you a yearly subscription, whatever you feel like. You know, if you're able and willing, go ahead and subscribe so I can keep doing things like this. Uh the next next weekend, that's the weekend that that counts for the females to get their ticket to the world championship. But I appreciate you guys tuning in. Appreciate you guys watching. You know, I got the chat pulled up on on the stream screen right there. So, if you want to see your little username, go ahead and pop off some comments. Any last any last diet tribes or whatnot that you guys want to say before I get out of here because I'm going to end it soon. But I do appreciate you guys watching in next weekend, March 21st. Saturday, March 21st. I believe it's it's 8:00 a.m. Central still is the start time for the second trials, but the second ADCC trials is going down from Sa Paulo. It's a little bit outside of Sa Paulo. I think it's like Itiba or something like that. It's a long hard Portuguese word for a guy like me to say, but that one's going down March 21st. Then we got a lot of cool stuff coming out on Flow Grappling soon. We got WO 32 going down March 31st. That one's going to be on a Tuesday, Tuesday, March 31st. We got the men's 155 pound bracket featuring DeAndre Corby, Max Hansen, Julian Espinosa, and Dorian Oliverz competing for I believe the 155 pound championship belt. I think they're either competing for the belt and PTO might vacate or they're competing for a shot at the belt. One or the other. I'm not sure. I'd have to ask Ben for the exact specifics. We got that one. We also got the 145 lb youth bracket going down on Wo 32 where we're going to see four of the best 145 lb youth competitors in the world put it all on the line on WO. That one's going to feature Jay Ortiz, JP Tran, Matthew Bam Bam, and the last one is uh who am I forgetting here? Who am I forgetting? JP Tran, J Ortiz, Matthew Valz. Why am I forgetting this? Sorry, boys. This is embarrassing. This is embarrassing. This isn't what you guys sign up for. Watch my man DeAndre get that belt. I think DeAndre's got a good shot. I think Dorian's All these guys are tough. Um, and Chingy SCS. How could I forget about my boy Chingy SCS? That's my bad, Chingy. So, we got in the 145 pound youth bracket, we got Chingy SCS, JP Tran, Jay Ortiz, and Matthew Bam Bam. Four absolute killers, uh, dominating the youth scene. Um, yeah, I think DeAndre for sure has a good chance. I think Dorian, you know, super tough to be right now, but then there's like Julian Espinosa, you can never count him out. He's always good for crazy flying stuff. He's always good for making matches exciting. Max Hansen. Um, super technical guy, super smart brain for jiu-jitsu. And I've been seeing some of the stuff he's been posting. That boy been scrapping. That boy been scrapping in the training room in leadup to this one. So, you know, he's getting ready. Let me run let me run through the rest of these these super fights we announced for the card. We just announced yesterday Nick Matea versus little Jacob Bornean going down. That's a crazy match. Lillian Marshian versus Jane Fragoso. Crazy one. Another youth super fight where we're going to see Connor Stalmer versus Nakoa Navaro. Giving the youth giving the youths giving the youths an opportunity here on this WO. And then we have Austin Cenos versus Rajas Dwan. So Rajes is the guy who submitted PJ at that 80C open. Austin Cenos representing for the blue collar grapplers. you know, the guys who were putting in a hard day of work and still going out there and scrapping with these young bucks, training full-time. You know, he's an HVAC mechanic, laying it down. If you guys don't know Austin, get hip to him. He's a cool guy. Then we got Mona Bailey Bailey versus Tinara Victoria. One of my favorite matches, V Philippe Costa versus Sebastian Atard. I think that one should be pretty nuts. And then uh Baby Junko versus uh Zoe Freeman. What's the rule set? Sub only like regular Wino. Yeah, it's uh it's just regular Wino rules. I think all the matches might be 9 minutes instead of 15 except for championship matches. Oh, we got Kona coming in to join the screen the stream here at the second. Here, Kona, come here. Come here, Kona. Come on. She's all she's all excited. She just got to come in the room here. Come here. Jump up here. Come here. There we go. We got Kona on the screen. What's up, Connie? You got Oh, she she wanted to say what's up to you guys. Thanks for coming in. So, yeah. There we go. Thank you guys for watching the trial stream. Make sure you're subscribing to Flow Grappling. Got a lot of cool stuff coming out soon. Couldn't do this without you guys joining in. Um hopefully you had a good time. Make sure we're going to be streaming next weekend for the second South American Trials. So March 21st, I'll be back behind the keys. Back streaming it. The Black Ops division cannot be stopped. We're more powerful than ever as the Alycats congregate. A bunch of sleeper cells out there in the Alleycats Anonymous snapping through back alleys, making it happen in the dark, dark shadows of the alleyways. And we'll be back next week for Second South American Trials. Thank you guys again. I'll see you next time.