Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up everybody? Welcome back to another Flow Grappling live stream. I'm Trey Robinson. Today we're going to be watching some ADCC trials from Serbia. This is day two of action at the ADCC trial. So yesterday, um, yesterday was basically just like the first round. They didn't do really much outside of that. Like I think it was just first round. Uh, kind of anyone who didn't have a buy had to go yesterday. And today they started in on kind of the meat of the bracket itself. And it started I'm in central time right now. I believe the event started like the professional division started at 3:00 am central time. So, we're a little late to it, but I was kind of checking some uh I was checking the brackets and whatnot on smooth comp and I believe they're up to the Yeah, they're up to the round of eight for a lot of divisions. Some haven't made it there yet, but I feel like we're about to kind of cycle back through and then get into the the round of eight for a lot of people. When are y'all starting? When your mom gives the green light. That's actually 100% accurate. I had to wait on uh Budget Bliss Goods's mom to tell me I could go and then I did. What's up, Tommy? When are the finals? Let me pull that up for you. Uh Golden Grappler, because I actually do have info on when the finals are. But give me one second so I can find such info. Uh it says 2030 Bgrade time. So 2030 Bgrade time is like what is it like a seven hour difference? Man, if any if any of you guys can do the math to figure out what 2030 Belgrade time is in central time, you be my guest. All right, you guys are a bunch of freaking math magicians in the chat. So, uh 1:30 p.m. 1:30 p.m. Central. It says the final should be if if Vlon said let us watch. What the heck, bro? You don't say you don't say what's up. Nothing. You don't say hey. You don't you don't want to say nothing fun. You You just want me You just want to watch watch. All right. Uh EMTT the otter. Cute pup. Appreciate that. That's Kona. She's gonna be watching along with us. She's became a staple of the live streams. If you guys have tuned in before, she's got a little treat right now, so she's uninterested, but maybe she'll be more tuned in later. You know, she's a big Taylor Pman fan. So, whenever he's up, you know, she's going to be locked in. Saw Cassova Cradle yesterday. Very fitting for being in Serbia. Yeah, that was crazy. Kasova Cradle. That's kind of nuts. That's one you don't see every day. Can you update on brackets? Any major upsets? Hey, check this out. I got I So, I've been working on some new stuff to elevate the stream. Let's see if some of it will work first. Let's try this one. Uh oh, I got to change that. Huh? What do you guys think? Oh, we're You guys are going to have your chats on the screen. One second, though. I gotta I can fix this. I can fix this. Um, give me a second. Give me a second. Give me a second. Oh, just broke it. Just Kona, this is my second time on your stream. You got great content. Appreciate that, Emtt. You are the man. You are the man for being here on this stream. All right, updates on brackets. Um, Camil Wilk, uh, he's advanced a couple times. Let me pull up the brackets. You guys want to look at brackets real quick or do you want to start quad boxing? There we go. Look at that. Got the chat on the screen. Everybody fire it up so you can see your name up there on the screen. Huh? Salva e baza baza baza amigo tranquilo tranquilo aki um full of salt the spoon is hello it's my birthday happy birthday brother happy birthday what a what a better uh birthday could there be a better birthday than just hanging out with some friends watching some jiu-jitsu watching ADCC trials so glad you're here um you speak Portuguese no you no follow you follow Portuguese. Bro, show the What does this guy say? Bro, show the fights. What is this? Oh. Oh, look at me. I'm a mocka kid. I make all the rules. Show the fights. What is this? I will chill, dude. You don't got You don't say what's up? Nothing, huh? Just show the fights. show the fights. I just want want I want what I want. Now we have we have a we have a delayed a delayed start now because of a macaka kid where we got to start a little later than I was planning. Uh Tun Oimo Portuguese. Thank you. Do you guys want to see the brackets or no? Yo Trey from Ireland. What's up Andrew? I went to Ireland once, went to Dublin, went to Temple Bar, drank some Guinnesses, sang some folk remixes of some sick songs. Yeah, boys. Say E canal flow grappling. I don't know for sure what that one means. That one's outside of my wheelhouse. Who's your big underdog to watch today? M that's a good call or a good question. To be honest with you, I kind of feel like there's some I kind of feel like some there's some big dogs that are going to be hard to uh uh some big dogs who are going to be hard to upset here. But I'll I'll throw out a name a couple names. Sebastian Paddock. I don't know how much of an underdog he is, but I think Sebastian Paddock out of Academy of Guerilla is going to be fun to watch today. I think Tom Barry, if you guys don't know Tom Barry, he's a Welsh grappler. Super cool dude. Um, a beast in the in the European scene. So, I think that's a fun one to watch. Great to see you in the big dude at Polaris 35. I didn't realize big dude as the guy in between Galva and Ryan of the slap incident. Yeah, that's Reed. Um, he is in the video. If you guys go back, I mean, maybe don't go back and watch the Gordon Andre slap video. Like, let's leave that in the past. That was a crazy time. But that video has like all of the like most notable names in jiu-jitsu in it. Like Gabby Garcia is in it. Eddie Bravo is in it. Like it's just like a Shanji might be in it. It just keeps popping up like, "Oh, here's another like super notable guy." So, Ama Kid, I love you, man. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I got upset earlier, bro. You know how it is though. You don't want someone coming into your live stream trying to boss you around saying do this, do that. But I love you too. Uh Oaks Mega said, "Okay." Oh, no. I'm not the owner of the channel. I'm just an employee. Korea there. The ADCC trials are right now. Hello, bro. Would be we be able to watch finals for free? I don't know about the finals to be honest. See, this is the thing. We got We got, you know, this is the Black Ops division. You're You guys are tuned in right now for the Black Ops division of Flow Grappling and they don't even know I'm doing this. You know, that's why I'm That's why I'm in my freaking guest bedroom. You know, I'm in my secret layer in an undisclosed disclosed location. Only me and Kona know we're here. And, you know, not even Flo knows that I'm about to stream this for you guys. So, I think it's like you got to kind of manage the heat a little bit. And if we tried to stream the finals, I feel like we'd get a lot of heat on us. You know what I'm saying? We get a lot of heat on us and we can't be having that because then they would shut it down for future stuff. But I can't log into flow grappling. Is it only me or is there some kind of bug? I haven't heard of any sort of uh bug or anything going on. Um, you know, obviously things can happen all the time, so I hope it's not a bug. Maybe try to refresh, restart. But all right, let's get in. Let's get into the matches first. You guys like this little You like this little chatting scene I built here where you guys see the chats on the screen. You can see the little little design elements. You guys like that? Come on. I'm looking for a little positive reinforcement or or constructive criticism. If you guys got a little constructive criticism for me and I can develop further from here, you guys say the word, you know, I'm all ears. I'm trying to get better as well. I don't want to, you know, I don't want to be stagnant. I don't want to just do this shit for nothing, dude. I'm trying to make it bigger, better, turn things up a notch. Turn the dial up to freaking 11. I kind of have an issue right now where I can't get the chat to pull up on my screen, so I'm kind of having to uh check my phone. So, that's why I'm looking down. So, I apologize for that. Once we start watching, I'm gonna try and fix that for you guys. But let's get into the Quad Box. You guys know that's why it's legit. Oh, hell yeah, Tommy. Thank you. That's why you guys tune in is for the Quad Box. We were born from the Quad Box. We were raised by the Quad Box. The only thing we've ever known is the Quad Box. And that's what we do it for. A full quad box. You guys know that there's no better feeling than a full quad box with action going in every corner. That's what we're going to be striving for today is a full quad box. Only the sickest stuff. And yeah, you know, welcome to the quad box. Welcome to the quad box for 80C trials. Uh Flame said we watching day one or two. This is live right now. Dave two. So this is not a replay. This is currently live day two from Belgrade, Serbia for ADCC trials. Let me know how the uh let me know how the audio is, boys. Can you hear Can you hear a little bit of the mats? Like enough to give some ambiance, but it's not distracting. Let me know. I can tweak it for you guys. But yeah, looking around it's like uh I don't know what just happened top left but Solless Simola's out there. Martina Kupinska from uh Poland. Yeah, solo one. Annabelle Lopez bottom right. Looks like uh oh boys we got a channel. &gt;&gt; Okay, thank you. Thanks Johnny Walker. That's good. That is good feedback, Johnny Walker. I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; So, call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we got a little bit of a banger here already. We got Camille Wilk and Yigot Hane or Yeet Hane. Tough name to say. So, that was in the 66 kilogram division. Uh, I think Yeet Hane is a sneaky favorite to potentially go on a run and maybe win this thing. But also Camil Wilk, absolute dog out of Poland. So, who knows? That's a pretty tough one. Annabelle Lopez bottom right's an absolute beast as well. And then I think a a female underdog. I was asked earlier who I thought the underdogs might be. I think this Martina Caposinska could be an underdog to watch. All right, I gotta get this uh on the back end on my end. I'm having some like issues with the chat. So, let me let me see if I can fix this real quick while you guys are watching. Talk everybody talk amongst themselves for a second while I try to fix this. Isn't a full quad box just a beauty of a thing to see? Just an absolute beauty. Look like Annabelle Lopez is taking the back here. Bottom right. Who are you guys excited to see today? Who uh let me know in the chat who you guys are tuning in for? Who you guys are trying to watch for this final day of trials? Is there anybody you think I don't know that I should be hip to? Put me on game. I'm gonna let my dog out of this room real quick. She's crying. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll leave that cracked for Kona. Leave that cracked for her. All right, I gotta go to my I gotta figure out these settings so I can see this. All right. for Richardson and Stewart. Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. All right. What you guys saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's in in a perfect world. In a perfect world with a perfect quad box, we would be able to see one match from all four angles. That's the ideal cuz I saw where you said it's trippy where you can see ye in the back of cam four moving differently from cam 3. Um the ideal way is to see the match from four different angles at slightly different times. Are there any local kids like Serbians or Croatians that are legit? Uh, there's Boris. He's Ukrainian. Um, who's pretty sick. I don't know if I know any Serbian kids. Maybe I would know him, but I just don't realize they're Serbian. Richie B in the bottom right about to get a heel hook. Richie B with the sub. Uh, yo, Boris is Ukrainian though. I feel like that's kind of close. Yeah, finals are not going to be on here. It's too hot. We got to keep the heat off of us, you know. We got to keep them off our trails, boys. We can't have them, you know. Can't have them hot on our trails. But maybe like I can come back like next week or something and watch uh replay of the finals with you guys. It's too hot. The finals are too hot. Um, all right. Back to what I was doing. I'm just kidding. Let me see here. Boom. Boom. Stop taking meeting notes and let anyone know where to watch finals not paying €30. Come on, Buster. You can pay that 30 euros. It's time to man up and pay the 30 euros. Don't do Ash Williams up now, &gt;&gt; bro. Imagine shilling for Flo. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm Black Ops Trollers. I'm so cool. Thank you, bro. All right. I don't know if I can fix this. What is the hardest regional trials in your opinion? I would probably have to say North American trials at this point. You probably South American trials is pretty hard as well, but I would say probably East or West Coast. Yeah, dude. I'm jealous that that Welsh people just get to rep a freaking dragon all the time. Like having a dragon on your flag is so sick. I I guess uh I mean I guess it's a unisex name in uh Wells. This guy made a this is a troll account that made an account specifically for this Fuck you, mother. Uh, Anamayor Domo hit a submission in her first round and then I believe she won her second round, but I did not see how she won. Uh uh uh uh uh. No problem. No problem. The dude in the Yeah, the Golden Gophers. &gt;&gt; I think that's Andre Triniti. He's a beast. He's low-key underrated. He's worth watching. You guys are asking which underrated guys you should watch. I would say he's one of them. Ash Williams have been doing this for so long now. I feel like people don't realize how how much of a sneaky veteran of the game Ash Williams really really is. What is this rashard that Andre is wearing? UTMD. It kind of looks like a train till we die uh replica. Yeah, I mean I think I think Flo has done uh location based pricing before, but honestly it never goes well because then it gets changed and then people are upset. But yeah, you guys are probably right. That probably would be a good thing. Can't argue that. Dang. Dang. Black Ops troller. I'm bummed. I'm bummed, you know, that we haven't delivered for you. Hopefully, we can do better in the future, but you know, here you are still watching Flo, Dude, I'm I'm stoked on 200 people watching this. This is good. Like, I think that's good for me. Good numbers for me. I'll take it. Who do you think I am, dude? Jake Paul. Yeah, Ashley's for sure underrated. Look at this. Look at this little position. Oh, I missed how Andre just won. Let's go. Let's go. Rewind on the top left or lost, I guess. Oh shit. Damn, dude. That's a tight ass arm bar. That's a tight ass arm bar. That dude is just eating it, bro. He does not care. He's like, "Shit, I might as well let it break for a little while before I tap. Might as well get my money's worth on this one. dude. I I met Ash Williams. We got a triangle top left. &gt;&gt; I met Ash Williams brother one time. I went to drag Drake in Swansea. His brother's like identical to him. Like they're not identical twins or anything, but like they're straight up identical. Yeah, the finals are starting at 20:30. Yes. 20:30 Serbia time. Um I'm not sure what time that is in central. I think 1:30 p.m. Central time. The the freaking drone just flew right through there. Did you guys see that? It almost hit Ash. reverse close guard &gt;&gt; the tow hold. Got to switch it off to the A block, you know, if you want to finish that four, Mata and Daniel. Yeah, everyone I met met at uh Drake was super cool. For sure. &gt;&gt; This Daniel Deer kid, I think he had a I think he trains with uh Dimma. I think he hit a trend lock uh yesterday, but he's going up against a dude whose name is Matteas, but it has a Z in it. And so that means that he's probably really good at leg locks as well. If there's anything I know about jiu-jitsu, if there's anything I know about jiu-jitsu, it's if your name's Matteas, but it has a Z in it, then you're probably pretty good at straight ankle locks, at least. And then we got Taylor Pameron coming up top left. I'll I'll propose this question to uh to you guys. &gt;&gt; What country do you think has the scariest grapplers? Maybe maybe you know maybe as a whole, but also potentially just as like if you were in the European trials brackets and you're looking at your bracket and you can see you see your opponent on smooth comp. What country could they possibly be that you would be the most frightened? That's Sebastian Paddock bottom left. That's the guy I was talking about who's like a potential guy to watch. Like some potential countries you could run into at European trials &gt;&gt; are like Poland, UK, Norway. Um there are some Dagistan dudes. I guess Serbia, I don't know that many, but I think so. So basically me and Reed got into a debate and &gt;&gt; I said that I thought Poland would be number one scariest. He thought it would for sure be Dagistan. I think we were going off of like like specifically five countries that we picked and I ranked it like most scary would be Poland, then UK, then Dagistan, and then I think we had Turkey just as like uh just as like a bit. And I can't remember the last one, but I said Poland. He said Dagistan. He thinks Dagistan would be the most scary. What do you guys think? Would you guys be most scared if you had a Dagistan dude or if you had a Polish dude? All right, here we go. Taylor Pman over under. Do you guys think this one's going to be over under two and a half minutes? Yeah. What it it's like Dagistan's like an enclave technically or that is that what they would be considered? I'm not quite sure. We did on our last episode of our podcast, we did a Dagistan deep dive with our resident Dagistan expert Andrew Spay. He works for Flow Wrestling, but he knows a bunch about Dagistan and he came on and broke down all of that stuff. So, if you guys want to watch that, there's a little Dagistan breakdown for you. You guys going with the under on Taylor Pman? Did I make the line too easy? &gt;&gt; Everybody coordinate these bets. Everybody make sure you're somebody uh somebody be in charge of tracking all these bets. It's an autonomous republic, huh? &gt;&gt; Shit. Shit. I don't know about autonomous republics, brother. It's getting outside of my my knowledge base. under via twister. That'd be sick if Taylor hits a twister. Or did he already do it? I missed it. All right, easy under. Oops. Wow. Got him like that. Got him like that. Tommy, would Dagistan agree with that though? Is this like a Taiwan China situation or &gt;&gt; like what what do they how would they represent themselves? Pairman's an absolute dog. I feel like whenever he won trials last time, all subs, I think he did it by all leg locks and then got kind of painted as just like a leg locker. But I mean, he really can like do anything. So whenever you whenever like you're thinking about who's the scariest, this is what I was kind of this is my thought thinking on it. It's like if I had to fist fight a dude outside of a Zabka in freaking Crackkow Poland, I would say yeah, probably a Dagistan dude would be the scariest. Like I wouldn't want to fist fight a Dagistan guy. That would suck. But it's like if we're talking specifically about a jiu-jitsu tournament, like yeah, Dagistan dude is going to like, you know, he's going to beat me up with wrestling, but like I just don't think Dagistan dudes like Dagistan as a whole's jiu-jitsu has progressed far enough to like really be that scary when it comes to like just breaking my leg or or something. I think like the Polish grapplers, that's kind of like what they do is they just like break a dude's leg in half. So that's why I think they're the most scary. And then I put UK too, just because I think they're also really good at jiu-jitsu. I think they're like cool. I think Polish dudes and UK dudes I think are pretty cool in my experience. Like especially the grapplers I know from there. So you know, I think they're they're cool. They're probably cooler than Dagistan dudes, I assume. But they're also just more devastating at jiu-jitsu. Yeah, that's one thing we dove into, Tommy, on the podcast is Spay was like breaking it down to us, all the different ethnic groups and uh and everything. Maybe you maybe you and Spay need to bro down on this. Seems like you both know a decent amount. &gt;&gt; Nothing scarier than a jacked Polish guy in a worn out tap out t-shirt. That's the truth, brother. &gt;&gt; That is the truth. Why do you think it happened in Poland? I mean, the development of leg locks, grapplers. &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know for sure like where to trace it back to. I feel like a lot of times there is um you can trace stuff as to like why certain regions are hot pockets like like even if like you talk to Adam Wardzinski like he would cite Alan Finfo as like you know one of the big reasons why he got good at jiu-jitsu and jiu-jitsu came to his area and stuff. Um, &gt;&gt; so I don't know if there was like a specific like this person left this area and then traveled to Poland. I think also though it's like a lot of just those guys kind of like being in the lab. I think Mate Shazinski deserves some credit with like the leg lock development. I think Camille Wilk uh deserves some credit. I know they do the leg lock camp all over those. So those guys have kind of been like running that and doing that. So I think definitely probably deserves some credit there for Matteshinski and Camil Wilk. &gt;&gt; Why'd you live in Moscow for three years, Tommy? Daniel guessed right on the go plat. Didn't it already happen at that time when he when he said it? I think he was saying in response. That's pretty sick. Teach teaching English in Moscow. I'm trying to go to Shanghai to go to nomadic grappling. I think that would be sick. This kid in the top right, Constantine Zvenov. &gt;&gt; I feel like he I think he's pretty good. I know he hit a dar yesterday. &gt;&gt; What y'all boys getting into on this Sunday morning? Is it morning where you guys are? Oh, damn. These dudes also look young in the top right. Looks like a couple 16-year-olds duking it out. Fist fight. I'd say an Irish traveler. They don't feel pain. Good point. You like dags? You like dags? Hey, you like dags? &gt;&gt; Yeah, MMA is huge in Poland. They got like KSW be big time. &gt;&gt; ZTH said Knight. Kofi said top right. Guy Buren. That's who you're riding with. You think he'll get the if it goes the decision? You think guy will get the decision? I kind of feel like Zyonghov might have the decision, but we'll see soon enough. Car breakdowns can wreck, but if you've got endurance, &gt;&gt; we got dual ads running at the bottom. What's Luda saying? What's Luda got to say about this? &gt;&gt; Get out of here, Luda. All right. Zvenoff versus Guy Buring. I think I think &gt;&gt; I think Zvenov is going to get decision, but I don't know. I'm not an ADCC judge. We got Tom Barry in the bottom right. That's the guy I was telling you guys about. Marcos and Thomas. One minute to work. &gt;&gt; One second. One second. This guy's crazy. He didn't pass him once. Fair enough. Boom. There we go. Not that you guys care, but on the back end I finally fixed the issue I was having. So now I can see the chat on the screen. So now we are cooking. &gt;&gt; Can guy wrestle? Ooh, a little guard pull off the off the wrestling. Check out Carson Kohl's. A guy called Tommy Turner compete yet? Uh I think I saw Tommy Turner yesterday. I don't know if I've seen him today. What division is Tommy Turner? He should have just committed and been named Timmy Turner. This match Austin was good. Check out Carson Kohl's. Ernest Ernest, uh, tell me what division Tommy Turner is in. You could never pay out of pocket for a car repair again. &gt;&gt; In my first year with endurance, $14,000 engine replacement. &gt;&gt; Right now, you can get three. &gt;&gt; He's grabbing a little bit though. Yeah. Oh, looks like Marlin Tik is coming out top left. That's going to be a sick one. Plus 99. &gt;&gt; All right, so we got the guy in the blue corner wearing a red sleeved rash guard. Don't let it confuse you guys. That's a nice little That's a nice little kit that Marlin has on. That looks cool. The tiger camo with the orange. Charles Renorf is a good athlete from the UK. &gt;&gt; Guy took a guy took a second penalty. Did he stand up and then pull again? All right, let me check on this Tommy Turner. Uh Tommy Turner is in the uh he's in the round of eight. or no no no no no no. No, he's in the round of 16. &gt;&gt; Smoothcom just presents it a weird way. But yeah, he has a uh he might have competed earlier today, but he has another match coming up against a guy named Jonas Maxine. I hate that they do this. Who the f can watch four matches at one time? Brother, this is the quad box. This is what we do it for. We live for the quad box. The only thing that brings me joy in life is whenever I have a quad box up and I got four matches going in each corner and I don't even know what I'm watching. I'm trying to watch over here. I'm trying to watch over there. I'm just going freaking I'm overloaded with with so much stuff. I'm trying to catch every second of it, but I'm not watching any of it. You know what I mean? That's the American dream. That's the grappler's dream is to just be watching a quad box quad box looking at every second of it but seeing none of it. Just pick one then. Yeah, that's fair. Uh big Tom Barry fan. Okay, sick. Did you see Thug Trials yesterday? If so, what' you think? Uh, I did not watch Thug Trials to be honest. Quad box vibe, baby. That's what we do it for. You boys know why we're here. We're here for the quad box. I'm going to rewind it because I didn't see this uh Marlin submission. Marlin's a dog. Just a just a just a chill ass guy taking the back. Oh, excuse me there. Excuse me. You guys You guys don't mind if I'm just a chill ass guy who takes the back and chokes you, do I? You don't mind if I'm just a chill ass guy who just kind of slips my hooks in like this and just takes you back and chokes you, do I? That was Marlin on that finish. Are these the actual live matches? You can bet your bottom dollar. These are the actual live matches coming at you live from Bgrade, Serbia. &gt;&gt; Davis up bottom right. Check out the names on the top left, dude. Just the names alone could freaking knock you guys out of an 80cc bracket. Casper Ross Drazda's Alexander Alexandro. I feel like I'm reading a freaking Fodor DSTOKI book when I'm reading those names. Yesterday I watched uh Davis's match. David just like David just like cruised or Davis just like cruised past this dude's guard just kind of like barely just like it almost was like he like bunny hopped over it. Christian Christian Obe just sent me a video from the uh from backstage. I guess lock in Christian Obeck. I sleep to crime and punishment every night. You're maniac. I uh I haven't seen I think Ono Flanigan went earlier, but I haven't seen him come back around to be honest. I would like to see some Owen O Flanigan soon. He's an under 99. Obeck is competing. He was dripping sweat in the video. He literally just competed. Do you know if Mika is going to come back soon? Uh yeah, I think he is. I don't know exactly when. I bet like for sure we'll see Ma at ADCC. And I feel like anytime a guy's going to be Excuse me. I got I got super bored and sleepy from my own voice. I got to work on that. Um, anytime we see a dude who's going to compete at ADCC, they don't want that to be like their one tournament back. Usually, they want like a few tournaments to kind of get back into the groove. So, I think we will see Ma. Here we go. Linus von shrink bottom left. I will say, dude, as far as quad boxes go, this event has had some of the best full quad boxes pretty much the entire time. Like, we're not getting any any big time, &gt;&gt; you know, blank mats or anything like that. We're pretty locked in with the quad box, and that's something uh I can appreciate. I got back to the hotel after players 35 and Greek was talking to Davis telling him that he can't think this can't think his way out of bad positions. I don't even know what that means. Trying to push him to eco. Fair enough. Come to the eco son. Better DM you conquer. Dave's been stuck in this 50/50 for a minute, huh? Get out of that, Davis. How long you streaming today? I don't know. Kind of winging it to be honest. Um, how long you guys think I should stream? How long have I been streaming? Maybe like a little less than an hour probably is how long I have been. Might do a couple hours. He's thinking what's the most stacked division? I think historically 77 I mean this one is pretty stacked. Uh 88's good to be honest. Like women's - 55 - 65 both pretty good. &gt;&gt; Oh couple bald boys scrapping it out. They look like brothers to be honest. &gt;&gt; $14,000 engine replacement &gt;&gt; right now. You can get $300 off any plan and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; You're telling him he's a little too chubby. He just pinch his just pinch his love love handle and say might be a little too chubby for this. Imagine, dude. Imagine what are you guys doing? The referee just pinches the side of your belly and just like I don't know, man. Let me go check with the uh the de the table here to see if we'll let you compete. Ono Flanigan and Philip Gayer look like like twins, but Philip Gayer like stole all the f all the food. Like it's like they they're like brothers who should be identical, but Philip was just kind of like bullied Owen since birth and just like wouldn't like would always eat half of Owen's food. That's what they look like. Yeah. Bad shaming on the mats. Did we just witness bad shaming on the mats? Dude, what the hell is going on? It's pretty wild that Owen opted to go up to minus 99 for this one. Like he just seems like like he just seems like the a rock solid 88 guy. Like doesn't seem like there's any reason really for him to go minus 99. I don't even like I don't know how much he weighs. I don't know what he walks around at, but like it doesn't seem like it would be that hard for him to make 88. &gt;&gt; Watch Matt 2. I'm watching it. I'm watching it. Little little roll through triangle. That was sick. Look how lanky that dude is. That dude was made to triangle everybody. Yeah, that was cool. I think Owen is the most interesting grappler at the moment. Yeah, I think Owen is super interesting. Um, I think he's uh really fun to watch. What just happened to Owen? Owen just &gt;&gt; Why is Owen Why is Owen acting like he's freaking hurt after he hurt somebody? Let's Let's watch this. We got Owen on the quad box, brother. That's him. Little knee. Kneeby. Kneeby. What do you mean he can't knee by here? Oh, Ben Kovac wants to know there's a reason Trey is not competing at trials. He's saving himself for the 2028 big push. Dude, if I could make 66, I would win trials easily. You know, if I could just make the weight, I would win trials. Simple as that. But I really don't know why Owen did minus 99. Maybe he just saw something where he thinks he can uh win that division, but he just seems like he should be 88. Is Assari still with Kingsway? I don't know for sure. I think right now he's like living and training in Norway, but I don't know where I don't know where his affiliations lie. Solah Hudin hit that same triangle setup twice. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah, winning but getting a cramp is very Owen. You guys are right. That's like as Owen as it gets. Like, oh. Oh, wait. Oh, sorry. I submitted you, but I freaking I got a cramp. Yeah, Owen's super interesting, dude. He's super funny. Uh, really funny dude. Like happy golucky. Like seems really goofy. Doesn't seem act like he cares about anything in the whole wide world. Um, but just like super sick jiu-jitsu, super good wrestling as well. I doubt he wants to wrestle with these under 99 dudes. Yeah, if I could make the weight, dude, 66 is my division. Lion is fighting for his life. He's on the dude's back. &gt;&gt; Look at this. Joffy just gets a single name. It's like a prince dude. You know when you got it like Joffy whenever yesterday JoffY like threw this dude just a big old like lat drop type of situation and then uh tap the guy to pressure. So when you do that then you show up day two. You just get to use your first name only. You don't have to use your last name. Yeah, Chin went 88 because of Kinta. Last trials was in 77. Yeah, I don't know if like these guys plan on uh kind of like, you know, like Joseph could just have known he had a chance of winning 88 at trials, but then maybe he's going to try and get back down to 77 once kind of the invites and there's pull outs and stuff, you know, then he moves to 77 for the actual world championship. Or I don't know, maybe he's just gonna do 88. Maybe he thinks he can win the division. We got Ferris bottom right. We can't tell for sure who he's fighting. It looks like a Oh, Sam Coulson. Tomas Latte about to win it all. Is that true? Is that true? Aloo 9923, are you telling us the truth or you telling us fibs right now, dude? Because we all agreed. You might not have been here. We all agreed earlier there's no fibbon in this live stream. So if you're fibbing, you need to admit it right away. You need to come forward and admit it right away. But if you're not fibbon, then that's crazy that he's about to win it all. Sorry, I got to drink my steroids real quick. Man said no slap. Yeah, Owen was probably making way for Ferris at 88, huh? &gt;&gt; Oh, speaking straight facts. That's the way we like it. This is day two. This is live right now from Belgrade, Serbia. Ferris under two minutes ver via Sulic stretch. Is that like su uh sulov stretch? Ferris had some of the most boring matches today, dude. We got to get Ferris on. Is that true? Is that true that he's had some of the most boring matches today? This I actually haven't seen uh one of his matches yet. Is that true? Do we got to get him on the horn? Tell him like freaking turn things up a notch. the guy in the top right. Uh, not not Azib Azab Adam Nijvich. He looks like Matte if Mate Jashinski just had like a few different life choices. That's what he looks like. Who you got winning the 66 division? Let me Oh, Marine. Marine taking the mats. Okay, let's lock in on Marine real quick. We got a lot of good stuff. I'm going. Okay, we'll set the under at one and a half minutes for Marine versus Ben. I'm going under. You guys got the over or the under? For match time, one and a half minutes. &gt;&gt; Oh, that see that makes perfect sense. Adam is a KSW MMA fighter. Exactly, bro. I knew it. I knew it. slightly different choices that lead you into MMA instead of jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Follow us on social media. ABCal6. &gt;&gt; All right, let's see here. Let me I'm going to pull up uh CC6 real quick. Get a refresher for who's still in and then I'll tell you who I think is going to win. All right, they're all the way to the quarters. All right, &gt;&gt; you guys are going over. I set the line. I set the line too uh too aggressively, huh? My mistake. &gt;&gt; My mistake on that one. That was a bad line setting. Okay, so for 66 the people So the quarterfinals are Richie B versus Ash Williams &gt;&gt; Yeet versus Christian Amador. His Smoothcom profile picture is a picture of Islam Makachev. So whatever you can glean from that. Uh then the next one is Costantine Zven versus Casper Garinski. And then Andre Chernitzki versus Sergio Rakelme. So this is this is the prediction from the finals that I think at 66. And I'm going to try and be a little bold here because I want to impress you guys if it ends up being true. I am going to pick Andre Chernitzki to make the finals on the top side of the bracket. Um, and then on the bottom side, I am going to pick Yeet Hane to make it to the finals. So, we're going to see Andre Trinitzky versus Yeet Hane in the finals. &gt;&gt; Your next break could be anytime. &gt;&gt; It's hard to pick against right now to be honest. &gt;&gt; But I think it'd be kind of cool if Andre won. Don't tell anybody, but I think it'd be kind of cool as orange. &gt;&gt; Get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; But maybe I'm going to go with H. Who do you guys got? Who do you guys got in the 66 uh finals? is Davis sorry 88. Let me look. Let me look. This dude uh Mattesh Mazer in the top right red corner. He's a young kid out of uh Poland. He kind of like came up somewhat with Pavle Jorski. Obviously, I feel like everyone now knows Pavle Jorski. Pavle's been making waves. Nogi world champion, won a bunch of stuff, won trials, but Mattesh Mazer is also very good. So, I think uh he's a dude to watch as well. Beer's putting up nine Yeah, I just don't really know Poder Fchovich as well to be honest with you. Ferris got the dubsky. I guess Davis did go uh 88, huh? Maybe he's just feeling big and strong. Maybe he's just feeling like a big strong boy and he wants to uh weigh more. There's so many brackets this time. It's hard to find the right stuff. Yeah, I think Taylor Pman wins 77 to be honest. That is who I think wins 77 is Taylor Pman. I cannot lie about that. Oh, so we're going have Davis versus Ferris. Oh, you just sent that. Well, damn. You guys are good. You guys, is there a way to do this multi- view in the Flow website? Yeah, I'm I'm watching the Flow website right now. This is how we're we're watching this. So, check this out. Look, I'm going to break the quad box real quick. Sorry, boys. Marine got the win there. So, this is the Flow website. You can click right here. But if you want to do quad box, you click this and then you select each map. &gt;&gt; Now we got now we got watch. &gt;&gt; Oh gosh. Sorry boys. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what bit &gt;&gt; and then boom. That's how you that is how you quad box. I have all the Bandidos guys winning. All of them. Sheesh. Is it free? No. You got to subscribe to flowgrappling.com. And I don't make the rules, dude. So, I don't want to hear it. But all the Bandidos guy is winning. Bandido's Moroccan amazing. Ferris. You guys love You guys love Ferris like that for real. Bandidos is kind of they're they're getting a lot of clout, huh? What's up with that? Why is everybody got giving clout to Bandidos? I think they're cool, too, to be honest. But I've watched I've watched their videos and stuff from the beginning. I kind of I just Is that why they kind of have a bunch of clout these days? Is the whole YouTube thing? They're making cool stuff. What's up, Joe? The quad god. That's what they're saying. That's what the mother freaking people are saying. that the quad god is the only one who can control the quad box. What they calling that figure skater the quad god or something. Marlin takes 88. Yeah, I could see that. You think because their YouTube content? Yeah, I wondered if that was if that was why it is sick. like it it is cool. Um &gt;&gt; you guys make sure you guys are locked in on the matches right now. We got Martinez Marusa. &gt;&gt; Martinez is really good, right? &gt;&gt; Boom. Take down pass. &gt;&gt; Train with Martina. She is a beast. &gt;&gt; Dude in the brown top right is doing some kung fu shit with his arms. That's what I'm talking about. Relax. &gt;&gt; Let's all just sit quietly here for a second and just watch a little jiu-jitsu. Okay. Mate Mazer coming up on top of a little exchange. Who who else should we uh &gt;&gt; This is fun running. Let's run through the brackets real quick. You know, let's try to go through each bracket and let's talk about how we can see this one playing out. If Joe's still in here, I know Joe's a big fan of Yeet Hane. I think he would probably pick him to win. Not to speak for him, but I think that's what he would do. But let's let's look at these real quick. 77 88. Let me I'm trying to make sure I got them all pulled up here. I need minus 99. the female brackets. You got 30 seconds. Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; I got all the brackets pulled up. Matt two, please. Matt 2 is playing. These are mats one, two, three, and four. &gt;&gt; Just every mat we have available to play. &gt;&gt; Which is the best country at BJ in South America aside from Brazil. &gt;&gt; Uh, Ecuador has a couple good guys in Roberto Jimenez, Johnny Tama. To be honest, I think a sneaky underrated country might be Peru. I think Peru is better at jiu-jitsu than people realize. At South American trials, there's always this last time at the first and second South American trials. There was this crew of Peruvians, dude, who were just having like sick ass matches and uh and went on a pretty decent run throughout. So, I would say Peru. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Joe Joe went with I don't like his name is hard as hell to say. I don't know why I can't. Sometimes just things don't freaking they just don't compute in the little nugget. You know, that little nugget can't compute it. So, I don't know if Yeet is how you say his name or not, but that's how I say it, I guess. All right, let's go. Let's run through these brackets. &gt;&gt; So, we already did 66. &gt;&gt; Um, my prediction is Andre &gt;&gt; Jernitzki versus Yehane in the finals. I think probably Yi Ye is the favorite to win this, but I kind of want Andre to win just for fun. Don't tell anybody. That's a secret between me and you guys. &gt;&gt; Um, and then 77. The quarterfinals are Denia Karpathnik versus Taylor Perman, Dominic Clinger versus uh some letters that I don't even recognize. So, I don't know if that's Russian or what, but yeah, I don't know. That one's too hard for me. and then Liam Alpang versus Nikolai Vetrov and Daniel Deer versus Thomas Barry. So I think that on the top side Taylor Perman makes the finals for sure is my prediction. Then on the bottom side, I kind of feel like maybe Tom Barry makes his way through this Daniel Deer kid. I didn't know him much before this, but I know, you know, he's a young kid, has some good submissions. &gt;&gt; That's Houdin. doesn't look like that on smooth color. Okay, you guys knew it. I should know my boys in the chat would know it. &gt;&gt; He's going to win that. Really? &gt;&gt; Salah Houdin's going to win the whole thing or he's going to win that quarterfinal and make a semis against potentially Taylor and pay for it. &gt;&gt; But yeah, I'm taking00 covered 88. Eli Kurszv Kursv versus Marlon Tajjik Mazin Azab and then uh the other quarterfinal it just who did Mattesh Mazer just win or did the other guy win? &gt;&gt; Your next break. &gt;&gt; Who won? Who won? &gt;&gt; Mattesh Mazer won. Okay. So then it's going to be uh Mazab from Wolfing Academy going up against Mattesh Mazer. Then Charles Randorf versus Lionus von Shrink and then Davis Assari versus Ferris Benamadm. The 88's kind of hard to predict to be honest. Uh, I think on the top side, &gt;&gt; yeah, I probably got to go Marlin makes the finals on the top side. On the bottom side, dude, &gt;&gt; you got &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. I'm not as hip as to Charles Renorf. I know you guys said he's a good UK athlete, but it's like Lionus von Shrink, Davis Assari, and Ferris. All killers. Davis for sure the smallest out of all those guys. &gt;&gt; I don't even know if I want to predict that bottom side. &gt;&gt; Tique doesn't win against Ferris. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Santi uh had to pull out because of staff I guess which is like I guess admirable cuz I feel like so many dudes just compete with staff. Like that's kind of wild. Like I thought I saw him. I thought I saw a picture of Santia at the weigh-ins like making weight and then he announced that he pulled out because of staff. I'm not saying it's the right thing to do, but I'm just saying a lot of dudes compete with staff. Like that's a pretty regular thing. So that's kind of wild to uh for him to have pulled out. He's still in. So yeah, I don't know. Who do you guys take on 88? Who you guys taking in the finals? I think Marlin at the top top of the bracket. the bottom like I don't know Davis Ferris Linus von Shrink I guess maybe part of me is like leaning Ferris just like gut feeling fer Ferris vers Marlin in the finals but I don't know that's a tough one let's go to minus 99 quarterfinals we got Alexander Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex A Alex alle Zenov versus Owen Flan again and then the matches are happening right now to decide the other one. &gt;&gt; Martin Machilovich is into the quarters and there's a couple more matches that need to happen to fill out the rest of that one. Let's see. I think this one could end up being Marine versus Owen Flanigan in the finals. Um, yeah, I can see Marine versus Ono Flanigan and I don't know how that match is going to go. Martine's super good leg locker. Owen O Flanigan obviously super good leg locker. Uh but Oo Flanigan might have better wrestling to be honest, especially if they meet in the final. I feel like that could be a big deciding factor is uh Owen Flanigan does have better wrestling from what I've seen. So I don't know. That one's kind of crazy. And then plus 99, &gt;&gt; we got Joffy Holton versus Francis Pony Pana. Didn't that one just That one already happened, right? I thought we watched that one. Yeah, it did. I had to refresh. So, we got Francis Pana versus Aiden Woodley. &gt;&gt; They're deciding the other ones right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Tommy Turner. I know people are talking about Tommy Turner. My predictions for plus 99. I think in the semis we are going to see versus Christian Obeck out of Los Bandidos. Who wins that one? I don't know. And then on the top side, man, I don't know from the top side. This one's This one's kind of wide open. Maybe this Anton Demetriov, he submitted Hikula. Like I think maybe then uh you know got to put a little respect on his name. If he can submit highkey then maybe he'll make a run. &gt;&gt; Then women's minus 55. The Hound. Sound the alarms boys. The Hound just dropped his predictions. He said 66 Ash Williams 77 Taylor Perman 88 Davisari 99 Owen O Flanigan. I Tumas. Oh shit. That's right. You already told me Tomas Latte is going to win. So, I guess I should just pick him because he's going to win. So, and then women's minus 55. Martina Zola is into the quarterfinals. Uh, this match right here is deciding who goes into the quarterfinals. Janette Gloger versus Ellen Oberbot. &gt;&gt; Still needs to happen to make the quarterfinals. Yeah, the rest of the quarterfinals aren't set yet, but there should be some more of the minus 55 matches coming up soon. &gt;&gt; Then minus 65. We haven't gotten to the quarterfinals yet. We're about to do the round of 16. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 60 6 - 65 though has some kind of crazy stuff still. Rana Willink's in there. Selma Vic is still in there. And Janna Goodman, she won the last trials. So I think Andrea Goodman uh &gt;&gt; Aloo you like the heavyweights, huh? You don't you didn't care about nobody besides the heavyweights. Minus 55. Yeah, I think Anamire Domo gets the win there. That's my prediction. Minus 65 though is definitely way harder to pick. Like I think Savic is awesome. Rana Willink obviously is like been killing it lately. And Janna Goodman won the last one. I kind of think she's hard to bet against in this &gt;&gt; but this uh Martina Caposinska out of Poland is a dog. That's what the people are saying. Anson Sula May. &gt;&gt; Nadia Franklin. So yeah, I don't know. This women's 65 is uh &gt;&gt; your next breakdown could be anytime anywhere. Get covered today. &gt;&gt; And then plus 65. It was like almost a $6,000. &gt;&gt; We got solo, Hannah Griffith. &gt;&gt; Maria, Neil Blackman. &gt;&gt; That's pretty hard, too. Jessica Tortilla, &gt;&gt; Annabelle Lopez. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Know those ones are harder to be honest. Harder to pick. Who do you guys got? &gt;&gt; Who you guys got in those ones? Huh? Christian. Go by me while I sip on this Fiji water. Sorry I got it like that, boys. Here we go. Christian Obeck bottom left. Crispy. What y'all got? Huh? What y'all got on this Obeck match? Over under one big throw. One over under 1.5 big throws total. Not just for Christian between both competitors. What do you Are you guys taking the over or the under? 1.5 big throws. I'll say big takedown like a foot sweep or you know something counts as well. John Maltis in the top right. Also under over. Okay, there we go. You guys both put up a little cash amongst each other. Uh, Flame and Nico Enriquez, you guys settle how much you want to put on the line against each other. I'll I'll moderate the the bet. If anybody else wants some of the that action, then, you know, freaking jump in there with the boys. That's a big boy. &gt;&gt; Can't get away from a gambling ad anywhere. I'm not This isn't an ad. This is just I was you know not promoting any service. I'm just saying to do it amongst each other responsibly of course. Uh oh. Uhoh. John Maltese taking the back. Look at this. Look at this quadbox situation. We got three pretty intense situations going on here. Whoa. And a drone just flew by on the bottom right. Just flew by again. That thing is in there. That drone is going to fly into somebody. You guys seeing this drone? Look at it. It's just circling them. This drone is unsafe. Somebody needs to do something about it. There's just something like There's just something funny about the facial expressions of Christian Obeck. I don't know what it is, but he just like makes me laugh. Imagine one of the drones just hit someone during the finals. I mean, that would suck, but that would be hilarious, to be honest. Uh, I think that's probably an ADCC drone. &gt;&gt; I think I just from like looking at some of the uh clips that ADCC Serbia has been posting on their Instagram. It seems like they have a firsterson drone flying through getting some crazy shots. So, I think that's uh what the drone is actually for. So meta and local We know trying to understand your marketing campaign's performance can be a Trying to understand Serbian drone the reaper can be a scary thing. &gt;&gt; We got you. You boys are telling me we got Serbian drones flying through. &gt;&gt; Christian Obach gets the dubsky. Here we go. We got Heisum coming up. Heisam Rita versus Luke Gibson. Yeah, they would take that drone out if it wasn't official. That drone would be annihilated. Your next breakdown could be anytime, anywhere. &gt;&gt; Get covered today and make Endurance pay for it. It was like almost a $6,000 job. Endurance covered it. &gt;&gt; Right now, you can get $300 off any plan. So, call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; We got Cara Dup in the bottom left now. John Maltise won. Yeah, he won. No. Yeah. Yeah, he won. &gt;&gt; Knight of Obeck allowing his opponent the chance to touch greatness. That's very kind of Obeck. Very kind. He's a good man. A good man allowing his opponent to touch a little greatness before he sends him on his way. A little pat on the Heiney. Little pat on the Fanny and sending him on his way after he gets a little touch of greatness. This is kind of a crazy match. Anson versus Sulle Lowenthal. &gt;&gt; Minu Thomas. Listen, if you're gonna pull guard, you got to pull aggressively. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, anson taps Sula May. Oh, and she grimaced, but then Sula May said, "No, no, it's all good. It's all good. Didn't need that leg anyways. &gt;&gt; It's all good. Didn't need those uh those tendons. &gt;&gt; Sula May and Anne. Are they Sula is rocking? She She had a little Did she have a Los Banditos patch on there? &gt;&gt; I know. Anzen is uh she in a relationship with Charles Neggerante at Los Banditos. I think &gt;&gt; who would you say are the top three nuggie rappers in the world? Not counting Gordon, Kate or Ma since they're inactive. Hm. Ngie rappers. So that's kind of like that's like more of a rapper who like kind of is into like uh little bit of bullying action. Like they'll freaking give someone a little nuggy while they're they're laying down a beat. you know, or uh laying down some bars. &gt;&gt; I'm kidding. Mac Tube, I know you said you meant top three no grapplers in the world, not counting Gordon, Kate, or Mika since they're inactive. &gt;&gt; Top three no grapplers. Oh man, I don't know. I feel like I'm I'm very much in ADCC Trials mode and it's hard for me to like take away my bias of just like people I've seen recently. Top three Noi grapplers. I mean, like I kind of I I honestly I ride for Kan Dwarte. I feel like &gt;&gt; I feel like I ride for Kyn and Dwarte quite a bit. &gt;&gt; Um I know Kynan takes losses, like I'm not denying that, but when it comes to like the 80cc stage, like I just think he performs. Like I think I think Kynan at 2024 ADCC Worlds was one of the best grapplers I've ever seen in my life to be honest. Like he went seven for eight on submissions. Just like dominating like he's just he was just an absolute dog. He getting the sub bottom right. &gt;&gt; Little rear naked choke. Putting some stank on it. Put a little stank on it. Heisome that was good defense. That's kind of I can't believe Luke got out of that. But here he's back. Mikey Muschi, Nikki Rod, and Levi Jones Liry. Those are fine picks. Um, yeah, those are fine picks for sure. Nikki Rod's up there. No doubt about that. &gt;&gt; Solomo with the dubsky. But yeah, I think if you talking about the ADCC stage, Kynan's in the conversation. &gt;&gt; Your next breakdown could be anytime, anywhere. &gt;&gt; Get covered today. Pay for it. It was like almost &gt;&gt; just lost. &gt;&gt; Where's Where's Aloo at? &gt;&gt; Chelan, of course. I feel like I feel like I didn't even need to say Chill. Like you guys just know Chill obviously. &gt;&gt; What do you think of Mikey versus Arman? &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Like Mikey would kill him in a in like if if they compete at UFC BJJ. Mikey versus Arman. Mikey will kill him. Like it's just I think sometimes people entertain the like UFC guy versus jiu-jitsu guy thing because it's like fun, you know, to who knows? &gt;&gt; But like a jiu-jitsu guy, especially someone as good as Mikey Musamechi, going up against someone who is not a jiu-jitsu specialist, let alone one of the best in the world at jiu-jitsu, Mikey will kill them. Like simple as that. It doesn't really matter. &gt;&gt; Like Mikey will just kind of play around do whatever he wants and then win. &gt;&gt; Arman might like take him down or something, but it's not like Mikey's going to care. &gt;&gt; But I also think, you know, maybe there's something &gt;&gt; breakdowns can wreck your wallet. &gt;&gt; I got three points out of pocket for a car repair again. &gt;&gt; First year with Endurance, they covered a $14,000 engine replacement. &gt;&gt; Right now, you can get $300. There's something that maybe people don't know. Hannah Griffith. Dub. What if Mikey can't use leg locks? He still wins. Like, I'm telling you, bro. &gt;&gt; Please come to the main desk. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Mikey. I Yeah, Mikey kills Arman. But, um, what was I saying? I had a good point. I had a good point, boys. The guys BJ guys and BJJ matches always suck for sure. Just BJ guys just win that. Can't use like BJ. It's like racing, but you can't fuel your car. He's just saying hypothetical. We're just playing. We're just playing around. A little would you rather little hypothetical type type of situation. It's all It's all fun in games. Oh, I remember what I was going to say. Like maybe you guys know this, maybe you guys don't, but Mikey Musamechi is an absolute mastermind. He's he's brilliant when it comes to all aspects of jiu-jitsu and his career. So Mikey doesn't he doesn't really like misstep that often, but not just when it comes to jiu-jitsu matches, but whenever it comes to like taking the right steps in his career. So, if Mikey thinks that him fighting Arman is good for him, then Mikey knows that it's gonna be good for him. Like Mikey would not have made that call out. He would not have wanted that match um if he didn't clearly know that there was like an easy route for victory for himself. &gt;&gt; Mikey sucks at 82 rule set. He's not a he's not like a great wrestler, but there's plenty of guys who have done well in ADC and haven't really shown wrestling. I think maybe Mikey's just small is part of it. What if they play golf? All right, now we're talking. Probably Arman probably beats Mikey in everything on earth besides jiu-jitsu. I don't know if that's true, but that's what I'll say. Levi, Dante, Diego, John Carlo, Kynan. Here we go. We got Ana Mayor Domo. She her opponent is throwing out the red alert. &gt;&gt; She's throwing out the red alert. She ain't letting it down. Come on now. She's got the red alert up and she ain't letting it down. Don't let it down. Oh. Oh, she let it down. She should not have let that red alert down. &gt;&gt; She had that going for her nicely. say Mikey Andrew Tack and Rouslon the guy who beat Kyn and Luke and others at Aayiga. I don't think we I don't think Relon is top three in the world. I think it's like yeah he has some impressive wins but Relan needs to get into ADCC. I don't know I don't know what his situation is visa wise and stuff. I would say that's probably his biggest issue. Maybe it being in Crackout would help. Arman doesn't eat Mikey at a pasta eating contest either. What are you guys into? The the like obviously I know the Mikey pasta bit, but like whenever Mikey just has like dry pasta like on stream for UFC events and stuff, are you guys into that? And be honest, &gt;&gt; he could add some size. I don't know if Mikey can add size to be honest, bro. Kind of just like feels like he weighs exactly what he weighs. Oh, nebar. Neba? What do you mean neba from Anna Domo? What do you mean she can neba? I didn't know she could neba. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good point from Joe. Rouson also got leg locked by Big Dan. He's very good, but not untouchable. Car breakdowns can wreck your wallet, but if you've got Endurance, you could never pay out of pocket for a car repair again. &gt;&gt; In my first year with Endurance, they covered a $14,000 engine replacement. &gt;&gt; Right now, you can get $300 off any plan. So, you &gt;&gt; guys not into the pasta thing? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not either. I think it's I think it's a weird look. I just don't like I don't get why that's funny. I get the Darth Ricoaton thing. I mean, that literally came from Flow Grappling. Like that came from uh the Who's Number One podcast with Michael Sears and him competing on Wo. Like that's where Darth Rigeton came from. That's like an awesome nickname. And I get the like pizza pasta sticktick, but like the dry pasta like taking a hit off that dry pasta like I don't know. Ads on a paying platform. Snoozing on it, huh? You're watching for free, bro. Just chill. Just chill. Well, save it for your diary, homie. The smash thing was cringy, too. I mean, he just knew that he was going up against uh Sheay Montigue, which is like Shay's going to he's the only guy who's going to play more guard than Mikey, so it was kind of like just good timing to do that. Yeah, the the beard was sick, though. I like the beard, too. The beard was sick. I hope Mikey keeps the beard. That was that was cool. I've never seen Mikey with a beard, to be honest. I thought it looked nice. does crazy work. &gt;&gt; All right. What we rocking with here? Haven't really been watching Andre Trinitzki here. all this butt scooting. &gt;&gt; Do you put Levi ahead of Tai since he beat him last time they fought and broke his leg? Um, I don't know if Tai is like currently actively trying to be like the best grappler in the world. Obviously, he's fighting MMA MMA now as well. So, I think because of that, maybe I would put Levi ahead, &gt;&gt; but I don't know, dude. How can you bet against the Ruo brothers? Like, the Ruo brothers are like, if they're grappling, it's mustwatch. Like, the Ruo brothers are I mean, the most fun, the best in the world. like they're great for the sport. I hope they do ADCC. &gt;&gt; Who is SE? I don't know. I don't know what's going on there. Can look up who it is real quick. &gt;&gt; Sergio Relme from Spain. Pau is not that good. PTO is that good. Will WO ever include the wall? Kind of like the pit or something. Some variation of the pit. I'm not sure. I think it gets the idea gets tossed around sometimes. I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm not sure if we would or not. That's kind of not something I'm like, you know, a part of deciding or anything. I think Ben Kovac was in the chat earlier. He's probably a guy who would potentially make that decision. Put in saying AOJ in general is doing a great job. Yeah, AOJ's killing it right now. No doubt about that. Cororb and Pau fight in the next card. I I can't say for sure and I don't know for sure. I'll say I don't know for sure if those dudes are going to fight the next WNO card, but you know, I think maybe you're in the right category of what might be going down at W32. You're pretty close for what is uh what's going to be happening at W32 with the with that question. Oh, damn. &gt;&gt; Quick little flash at the back. You in charge now. You make the hard decisions. I'm not in charge. I am but a mere foot soldier. I'm a foot soldier sent out into the trenches from the brass. &gt;&gt; Sent out into the deep deep dark depths of the jiu-jitsu world with a with a camera and a dream to make a little sling a little tent. Sling a little content, you know, operate under the umbrella of the Black Ops division to bring the people what they want to see. Nay, what they never knew they needed to see. That is all I am here for sire but just a mere foot soldier trench warfare. &gt;&gt; Your next breakdown could be anytime anywhere. &gt;&gt; You guys are watching the night of the seven kingdom and but a mere hedge almost $6,000 job endurance. &gt;&gt; Do you think Charles de Bronx could beat someone injuto? I think he could beat someone. &gt;&gt; Um how good of someone? I'm not sure. Does this stream the finals? No, I probably won't stream the finals to be honest. I don't know how much longer I'm going to stream. Um, did you see Arthur Seagull's fight? Incredible. The fastest submission today. I did not see it, but I'll look it up later and I'll watch it. We want the wall. We want the wall. This is like a This is a reverse Berlin situation. Oh, don't mind me while I sip a little of that Fiji water. Just to be clear, Wino and UFC BJJ don't have beef, right? It's all cool. I mean, one of the executives from UFC BJJ went on a podcast and said that uh this was when it was still Fight Pass, like UFC Fight Pass Invitational, but one of the executives went on the podcast. I think he's been uh he's no longer working with them, but he said it was their goal to destroy Flow Grappling in the worst way possible. And so, I don't know if it's a beef, but I don't think we're friends. I mean, I personally am just like a fan of jiu-jitsu. So, it's not like I I personally am like death the UFC BJJ, but I mean, I like I like watching the event. Like, I tuned in, you know, Andy Muraki submission was incredible, but I don't think they're the most friendly with us. And I think their contract caused issues for all of Juju. maybe more issues than people might realize just like from an outside perspective, but like jiu-jitsu is not a super like there's not an incredibly deep pool of grapplers to pull from, you know? It's not like it's not even as much as there are in MMA. So, it's like once people start becoming exclusive, it just like really hard. It makes it really hard to make the best matches possible for anybody, you know? It makes it harder for UFC BJJ too to make the best matches possible if like someone's not willing to go exclusive or to do something like that. And so I don't know. I just think that it caused some issues. But it does suck Levi versus Andrew ain't happen anytime soon. I also wish Levi or uh Mika Andrew tack it could happen. But yeah, I don't know. But there's not like it's not like I don't know. I'm not a hater of USCBJ. I don't know if they like us to be honest. It might be more hate coming from their side. They do contract. Those contacts destroy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there we go. I wondered if Ben was gonna say something. We've reached out multiple times to them over the last year extending an olive branch to try to make uh better fights. They've declined. So, it's a little bit of the vibe, but but whatever. You know, freaking I'm here to quadbox. That's why you guys are here to quadbox. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to quad box. And we do have four bangers in the quad box currently. One Championship's kind of been like changing more recently. &gt;&gt; They were the first to kind of kickstart the exclusive thing. Uh I feel like people know about their contract issues. Huh. Know about some of the issues with their contracts, but I feel like they've been kind of changing. I feel like they kind of shift around who leads up one championship every so often. I think it's like Tom Delos is uh doing a lot more of it now. Oh shit, Sergio gets the win. All right, there goes my pick. Big win for Sergio. And you know, Tom's like, we've always worked with Tom Blast. He's always been cool. I think he has more, you know, intentions of doing good by the community and helping make sure that good matches can happen all over the place. But yeah, they when they have a title, it becomes exclusive. &gt;&gt; It's part of their thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, every contract is a case by case basis. M tube. That's just kind of how it is. So, some people go in and they sign a one fight deal. Some people sign an exclusive contract. Just kind of depends. Let's get back to the trials matches. We got Taylor Pman top left &gt;&gt; uh and Janna Goodman on the back. &gt;&gt; Rana Willink bottom right. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. &gt;&gt; Uh oh, she's coming after. Whoa. &gt;&gt; Ra throw her. Oh. Oh. Into the legs by Rana. She gonna neba. &gt;&gt; Is she gonna neba? &gt;&gt; Kneeba. Kneeba by Rana Willing. &gt;&gt; 80s easy with pits would be sick. No out of bounds. Yeah, there's some truth to that, brother. That would be kind of sick. Dumb question coming in. All right, everybody brace themselves for some dumb question. I'm just kidding. Evan is the actual AC champion this summer. Yes, it's September 14th, I believe. &gt;&gt; Today, &gt;&gt; we got to go back and watch this Taylor Pman &gt;&gt; $6,000 job. Endurance covered it. &gt;&gt; Right now, you can get $300 off any plan. So, call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; Whoop! Captured the the far leg. Oh, is he woing or is he I can't quite tell. I can't quite tell. &gt;&gt; Look at that. Look at that happy boy just just freaking celebrating. I'm going to shut this door real quick. &gt;&gt; Cuz I think my girlfriend just got home and I don't want you guys to meet her, dude. &gt;&gt; I don't want you guys to meet her. She uh No, you guys like you've just never I got a girlfriend for sure. She's super hot. You guys just never met her. She goes to a different school. She goes to a different school. She lives where it's colder. Her dad actually owns the the Toronto Blue Jays. So you guys wouldn't know her. &gt;&gt; All right. Good on Taylor Pearman. &gt;&gt; How did Injanna win? I'm missing all this. &gt;&gt; Jeez. was like, &gt;&gt; "Oh, that was the ran one and Janna was up here." &gt;&gt; And then we got Selma Vic bottom left. &gt;&gt; Am I just behind two? Am I tripping? Got two submission at the exact same time. Yeah. I don't know. I I just I just Sorry, boys. I got lost in the sauce there for a second. That's on me. I just got absolutely lost in the sauce there for a second. completely forgot where I was, what we were watching, what was happening. But I'm back now and I'm focused up and some of Vick's got an arm triangle. Okay, she's bottom left one by rear naked. My bad. Thank you for streaming this. Been wanting to watch more jiu-jitsu. No problem, Austin. Thanks for joining in. I'm not going to be streaming all of it. I'm not sure when I'm going to stop streaming. Maybe here soon. I appreciate you watching. You got to watch more jiu-jitsu, bro. &gt;&gt; Marlin seems like a small 88 to be honest. &gt;&gt; But like I don't know. I guess he competes medium heavy, right? IBJF never stop. Never surrender. All right, Tommy. That's what I like to hear. Dude, we in them trenches and we don't stop. We never stop. We freaking make it happen by any means necessary. &gt;&gt; Oh, don't stop soon, bro. Please just stay for Casper. You say something nice and I might. Hey, you say something nice and I might. Huh? She a drive by she. How long have I been streaming? Someone tell me a time. Feels like Feels like I've been doing this for years. It's almost two hours. almost two hours. Got five hundo in here watching. Appreciate y'all boys. Appreciate y'all boys for tuning in and the ladies. All right. A lot of you trying to say that I don't got lady viewers. Bro, I got lady viewers. So, thank you to the ladies. A special shout out to the ladies who are tuning in. The ladies and gentlemen of the chat. Thank you guys for watching. You know, I appreciate that for sure. I'm not ending it right now, but I just wanted to give a little gratitude, a little appreciation for you guys for making it where I can do this, you know, because you guys know how it is. I'm the I operate under the Black Ops umbrella, the Black Ops division of Flow Sports, a mere foot soldier out in the trenches doing trench warfare. And so whenever people do find out I do this, but they see decent numbers, they're like, "All right, it's sick. Keep doing it." Many, the commentator is rather stupid. No, I'm not. Not true. Try again. &gt;&gt; Camila Msina got bigger arms than me. Me too. &gt;&gt; Shout out to the ladies in the house. &gt;&gt; What's up, Sam? Fave Zen flavor. I prefer the Vellos. I picked these up. Don't tell my mom. I picked these up whenever I was in Wales. For Polaris, the freezing peppermint. Um, I'm a citrus chill guy though, but I quit doing the American ones. So, I'm only doing the European ones. Yeah, there's honestly a very large portion, not a large portion, way more people I feel like at European trials using nasal strips than any other trials. That's one thing I've noticed. A lot of the European trials athletes wearing nasal strips. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's Marlin rocking the nasal strip. If there's any ladies in the chat, do not hit up Kevin Bacon. Sorry, Kevin. &gt;&gt; What's up, Sam? Thanks for joining in, brother. &gt;&gt; Selma Vic, mountain bottom left. &gt;&gt; Selma, I thought Did you guys watch Selma versus Adele at Polaris? I thought Selma had a great showing. Obviously, Adele's like pound-for-pound one of the best females in the world right now. I' personal opinion, I still think Fon's the number one female grappler in the world. Personally, I know she hasn't been competing a ton lately, but I do just think Fon's the best, but obviously a rematch of her and Adele would be awesome. &gt;&gt; I would hope Fon would come back to ADCC at some point. That would be cool. The sport's better when Fon's competing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ono Flanigan fought uh he has another round coming up. He won via submission and then he got a cramp. So, he submitted the guy and then started holding his own leg like he was hurt. Just a funny guy. &gt;&gt; Sorry, Kevin. Bro, I gota I got to help protect the female chatters, you know. Kevin, send your resume. Why people should hit you up? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Fon versus Cassia. That is a sick match. Big Alex. Hey mate, enjoying the miked up flow stream. Can you please give our new BJJ club a shout out, please? Uh, yeah, I will. Shout out. Shout out FreshWave Jiu-Jitsu in South Dorset. &gt;&gt; Thank you guys for watching. Go train there. If you're in South Dorset, go train at Freshwave. I don't know anything about the gym. If I'm in If I'm in South Dorset, that's where I'll be training. I know that much. &gt;&gt; I know Cartella gets the win. We got Marlin mounted. Yeah, it does look like we're getting a lot of new blood. I think that's a very exciting thing about kind of this cycle. It seems like like we got Nico &gt;&gt; at 66 last trials. He won. Pavo Jori is going to be in this year. He won. &gt;&gt; In my first year with endurance, they covered a $14,000 engine. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a bunch of new fresh faces. Whoever comes out of this 88 potentially is going to be a new face. I think it is going to be a new face out of this one. &gt;&gt; No matter what, &gt;&gt; what's your favorite academy to visit? Who has the coolest vibe? That is a good question since &gt;&gt; we're Oh, that quick kamura bottom right. That's uh Violet Banette. She's actually a photographer as well. She takes really cool photos. She does a lot of like film stuff, like shoots on film as well. Big fan of her photography. I think it's like Violet like B or Zanth photo. Let me find her. Yeah, Violet Zanth Bennett. She does a lot of jiu-jitsu photography. She does really cool stuff. A lot of black and white and everything. Real kind of artsy. Brings an artsy vibe to it. I like Violet's photos quite a bit, but it's cool that she's also like going out there and ripping kamoras at 80cc trials. So, that's pretty sick. Yeah, definitely train in Freshwave if you're in South Dorset. You got to. It's mandatory. &gt;&gt; Favorite academy. I'll shout out a European gym uh because we're watching European Trials. London Grapple, I think, is a really cool vibe. Uh Ross Nichols is running London Grapple. I think I got to visit there one time. I didn't train. I was just filming. It was part of the 2023 80C Euro tour we did. And we got some unreleased footage. I've been thinking about digging up the unreleased the lost tapes from London Grapple, if you will, and making a lost tapes video of London Grapple. If you guys want to see the Lost Tapes, London Grapple, featuring European grapplers like Tom Barry, Owen Jones, Shane Fishman, Ross Nicholls, there was a lot of dudes there to be honest. Oh, Owen O Flanigan. He said, "I got to get out of here quick." Look at dude. Owen O Flanigan, bro, is just a is just a maniac. Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; The armbar to the back to the letting the people know that he secured the three to the rear naked. Oo, and he he took a little hit off of it right there, too. What an absolute maniac. Oh no, Flanigan might be winning minus 99. He might run into Marine. That's going to be uh that's going to be a hard match for sure. It's gonna be a sick match in the finals potentially. &gt;&gt; What just happened down here? Richie B and Ash Williams. &gt;&gt; Oh, Ash Williams couldn't compete. Richie B with the walk over. All right, Richie B. Yeah, Owen O Flanigan is for sure an 88 guy, but um that jiu-jitsu speaks for itself, huh? The jujitsu. Let's run it back. Let's watch that again. That's worth uh that's worth a replay. I mean, just look at this. &gt;&gt; He said, "Oh, I got your arm." Psych. Got your back. Let the people know. Go ahead and give me my points. He's mogging on them. staring at the camera &gt;&gt; and just crushing the face. &gt;&gt; What a dog Ono Flanigan is. He might be one of the most fun dudes to watch right now. Got to give it up to Owen Flanigan. Take a He takes a little bow afterwards, too. What a beast. Definitely small for the division, but he obviously doesn't care. We got Tom Barry bottom right against Daniel Deer. Yeah, O Flanigan's awesome. Top females are Fon, Helena, Adele, Clay, Casia, Gabby. Definitely &gt;&gt; Valdivia, Chile, BJ Cross Fighting Club. Never been there, but I'll check it out. I would love to go train in Peru specifically. I want to get down to Peru. Maybe make a video there about uh &gt;&gt; the Peruvian scene. Obviously, Guardian Gym does a lot of cool stuff in Peru. Maybe I could get Ben to fly me out to a Guardian Gym. &gt;&gt; Hit up some other spots while I'm down there. What do you guys say? &gt;&gt; Everybody Everybody tell Ben right now. Say, "Ben, send Trey to Peru." now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the freaking blunt emote from Owen. Just a maniac. Yeah, Blow Bandidos is hot right now for sure. Daniel Dedler going into like a like a Zlock situation. Have I've never trained in Finland. I've actually never uh been to Finland. I've been to Norway. That's the only uh country up there I've been to. I want to go to Stockholm, too. I want to train at Stark with Max Lindblad. I think that would be a sick place to train. And then maybe Piranha with Marlin to Jik as well. There we go. Tommy, let him know. Centra to Chile and then Peru. Who'll fight kind of in the super since Gordon is out. I don't know. Hopefully Gordon's still in Kan versus Gordon would be crazy, &gt;&gt; but they'll figure it out. Come to Romania. What's going on in Romania? I know Big Dan's Romanian. I think Richie B has some Romanian, too. come to train at Sigma Jiu-Jitsu. Where is Sigma Jiu-Jitsu at? Oh, that was your coach versus Owen. GG's. Owen's a dog. No, I'm not in Serbia right now. I am in Austin, Texas. Best food you've had rolling around the world. You know, another really cool spot is uh is Showya Ishagura's gym in Tokyo. At the time, it was Carpedium. Corporita I believe but I think they've changed affiliation but that was a cool gym too. I like training there. Gordain out. That's cap. You might be right brother. What's up Juan Villa? Sigma's in Finland. Finland. Okay. I'll come to Sigma. Best food I've had. Uh Japan had really good food, dude. Don, some great food in Paris. Cruised around with Rita Meouch in Paris. He went and got us some baguettes. That was pretty sick. I was a big fan of that. Honestly, in Spain, they have their own version of a tortilla they call it, but it's more like a uh like an omelette kiche type of thing type of situation. That's very good. Hello from Barcelona. &gt;&gt; Where would you train in Kazakhstan/Mong Mongolia? Uh, I don't know. I saw that that redact retracted message about less impressed more involved. You know he's you know he's frothing at all this less impressed more involved going to definitely drop some sick technical analysis after trials. I'm a big fan of the of the less Impressed more involved channel. It's a great resource as well. The the product they offer is super great. Nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Madrid, Spain had some great food. I was a big fan of their food. &gt;&gt; We're working on, if you guys have ever seen Cheat Day, uh Cheat Day is a series that we kind of tested out. The first episode we went to Terry Blacks with Lou Griffith, but we're working on getting set up at this Spanish restaurant here in Austin and we we're we're trying to reach out to him, talk to him about going there and filming and taking Anna Mayor Domo so she can give us the lowdown on the Spanish cuisine. Look at the top left right here. I got to go to the other room real quick. I'm gonna leave this playing for you guys. Who Who am I going to leave in charge? I'm gonna leave Sam in charge. Sam, you're in charge while I'm gone. Now, you boys better not get crazy while I'm gone. All right. All right, boys. Don't be getting crazy while I'm gone. I'm going be right back, but I'll be watching. So, so don't try nothing. All right. Be right back. The wall the middle. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Father, That's it. Car breakdowns can wreck your wallet, but if you've got Endurance, you could never pay out of pocket for a car repair again. &gt;&gt; In my first year with Endurance, they covered a $14,000 engine replacement. &gt;&gt; Right now, you can get $300 off any plan. So, call and get your free quote now. Happy Next three, Christian Amador and Hit. There's a lot of recognizable names still to compete today. Which mats are these? These are mats one through four. So, I guess to clarify the Matt thing. Oh, you guys can't hear me, huh? You guys can hear me now. &gt;&gt; Good. You didn't You guys don't want to know what I was saying. So, &gt;&gt; good thing I was muted. I was asking if you guys were behaving. So, let me know right now if you were if you were misbehaving or not. Come forward if you were misbehaving. &gt;&gt; Scared your dog. Dang. My bad, bro. Um, these are mats one through four. So, to clarify the mat situation, Flow Grappling only has the rights to stream the actual professional trials divisions. So, they're kind of doing like a mixed thing here where there's amateur divisions as well, which is more like just an open. &gt;&gt; Um, so we aren't streaming those. So, it's a little confusing when you look on smooth comp and stuff, but these are mats one through four. All of the mats where trials is going on, we got Ferris and Davis Assari. Bottom right, we got Martina Zola. Top left, looks like we're going to see Ye Hane versus Christian Amador. Bottom left, we got Maria Maui Yasik, Julia Mulashak. The top right, &gt;&gt; Oliver Taza is not competing in this one. Uh, I don't really know gyms in Barcelona. Reed has been to Barcelona before. &gt;&gt; He probably knows some. I don't think Garbagg is competing either. &gt;&gt; All right, so bottom left, Ye Hane versus Christian Amador. You guys think this one ends in submission? &gt;&gt; My vote is submission. Watch your arms, guys. Keep moving. Back to your feet. Keep moving. Got two minutes. &gt;&gt; Oh, Christian Amador just right to it. Ye defends, slips it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. I feel like 88's a little big for Davis, but I don't know. He's like a He's like taller than maybe you realize in person. He's not super big by any means, but &gt;&gt; 88's like what, 194 pounds? Like he's he's pretty tall. &gt;&gt; Pretty big. &gt;&gt; Ferris seems a lot bigger. Ferris probably a little shorter though. But I mean that cut from 88 to 77 is a that's a big difference, you know, going from 194 pounds to 170 lbs &gt;&gt; or like 169 point something. That's a pretty big difference. So I guess just Davis doesn't want to do that. &gt;&gt; We're building up here. Nice. &gt;&gt; What do you think about the Germans competing today? Lionus von Shrink, right? He's a German. He's uh he's still in the bracket for 88. I think Lionus is super good. Could see him go pretty far. This is the second day. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ferris is like bigger muscle mass-wise, but just like a little shorter, able to make that 194. Slightly different builds. Please tell me Flo is going to make a highlight video of all the submission at this event. We made one from yesterday. There's 22 submissions that we posted on our YouTube from yesterday. Um &gt;&gt; I got to go through and and refind all the submissions from today and I'll try to make a highlight after after this. Let me see. Oh yeah, the boys been tracking on day two, so &gt;&gt; we'll have a we'll have a highlight for sure. sir boxer over your head. All right, you guys hear how fast I can type? &gt;&gt; Trey, can you talk about Rakan Al Matua fighting 66? I got to be honest, I'm not too hip to him, but you know, he goes on a run here, he wins, and I will be soon enough. He's still in. He's won his uh first couple matches today and he should be coming coming back around soon. &gt;&gt; We're going to overtime. I feel like Ferris is just he does just kind of look tired sometimes. &gt;&gt; I don't know if he is, but you know, some guys just kind of look tired. They got a tired look about him, but I've never really seen him like gas and lose because of just absolutely gassing. He kind of honestly does win matches late a lot. &gt;&gt; So, you must kind of have that look about him. Barely a good wrestler. Sneaky good wrestling at that Los Bandidos gym. &gt;&gt; A little arbitration in the reset. &gt;&gt; One of the most intricate parts of jiu-jitsu. thoughts on Hollow beating Dom in the minus 85 division. If that's if that's not the minus 88 pro division, then I haven't really been watching to be honest. I've just been locked in on the the 88 pro division and the other pro divisions. Looks like Lysa Vhat is going to get the win here. &gt;&gt; Martino Zola doesn't like it. So Ferris got the two there. &gt;&gt; How's it work to register for these trials? &gt;&gt; Um you have to hold a passport for the region which is like Ferris is moving on right now. You can get $300 off any little guy. &gt;&gt; Yep. There we go. The British celebration. Davis is not happy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have to hold a passport for the region that's in. So, this one's like European, uh, African, Middle Eastern. You have to hold the passport for the countries that are represented in that region. &gt;&gt; That's a good point. I should have had it on map 4 audio. My bad. I mean, wrestling style of Ferris, PJ, and Corby are similar is a good observation. Those guys do kind of train together and stuff. They do cross train. Ferris is obviously boys with PJ. I think the Corbies are kind of in the mix with PJ now. I know PJ gets a little ecological on it and so he kind of, you know, mixes it up with Greg Sers and the Corby brothers. &gt;&gt; Breakdowns can wreck your wallet. That would make sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Nobody wants to lose, right? So, it's like, of course, these guys are going to be kind of upset whenever they take a loss. &gt;&gt; So, call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; But we got Annne Speedson, Nadia Franklin top left now. Next three and Nico and the near black All right. Where are we at? We got a full quad box. Nia Blackman. We got we got any scrappy poo alerts? Maybe top right, Nia Blackman, Raala. Could be a Scrappy Poo alert. This bottom left match, Nikolai versus Liam. That kind of seems like we got a Scrappy Poo alert. Bottom left. Taza is like Lebanese Canadian, right? Little bit of both. This new guard they're putting in the UAE called SE guard. I do not know about the SE guard. What is it? Rael pretty deep on the leg here. Nia slips the knee line. Yeah, for sure. Evan, appreciate you for tuning in. Yeah, uh Ash didn't go out for the match. Just Richie B got his hand raised. Not sure what happened there. Thomas is saying there was a knee injury. Thoughts on on winning a muscle show? Yeah, I don't know. All I know is I'll be tuned in. You got Dominic and Salah Houdin. I mean, the Salah Houdin guy, like I'm not as hip to him, but seems like he's a dog, huh? Is that what the people are saying? Salah Houdin's a dog. If you want to watch just one mat, you can go to flowgrappling.com. And right now we have it set up in a quad box, but you can go in this top right corner and just click this little icon to just watch a single mat. You can click which mat you want to watch. And then right here, you can watch two. But if you're hardcore, dude, if you're hardcore like this crew of Alleycats we got watching right now, the Alleycats Anonymous, when we tune in, we're quad boxing, baby. That's how we like to get down. Will Mattea Shinski competer get an invite? I don't know. Flo doesn't really decide the invites. ADCC does, but I'm not sure. ADCC in Poland feels like it would benefit from Matte Shinski being there, right? Now you got to subscribe to watch on flow. There's a link in the chat. It's pinned in the chat to go there. Yeah, people are saying Ash is uh Ash is injured. It's got to be there. This stream is sick. You got your work cut out for you. Talk about multitasking. Appreciate you doing this. Yeah, of course, bro. Thank you for watching. I appreciate you tuning in. There's a lot going on, so I appreciate you, you know, throwing that out there. I'm managing the stream itself. I've got the quad box, got the chat going, you know. Well, we make it happen. Who do we think are putting out some of the best instructionals these days? Who do you guys think? Whose instructions you guys watching? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Limmy does have really good stuff, but is he asking like athletes specific? Who uh who's putting out the best stuff? These are these are all of the professional matches going on right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can watch only one match. Go to flowgrappling.com and select the one match streaming option. We are doing the quad box option. So you guys get the choice. Please let's watch Salah Houdin. Is he up? No, Flow is not free. You got to pay. &gt;&gt; But that's why I'm giving you guys a little taste. Little little little taste of the action. I got you get you give you a little taste so you boys get addicted and you want the whole thing. Come on now. Just giving you a little taste. I &gt;&gt; think one of the biggest unexpected outcomes happened yesterday &gt;&gt; uh where Hiki Jusa lost first round via submission $1,000 job. Endurance covered it &gt;&gt; right now. You can get $300 off any plan. So call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; Looks like Lionus von Shrink is about to go bottom left. When is Salah Houdin going? I'll watch him if he's going soon. But I I probably got to end this stream pretty soon as well. So I think I mean we're going to do something something big for the leadup to ADCC. I love the Road to ADCC stuff as well. It's kind of some of my most fun stuff to watch or to uh make. And so you know obviously Road to Worlds, Road to ADCC. Hopefully we'll do a little Road to ADCC stuff. It'd be sick to do like a little vlog series traveling all over the world in leadup I got a I got a quad box for the stream so everybody can get a little taste of stuff they love. Can't just go solo on Lionus, but I don't know where this say guard is. Someone asked me if I'm I'm hip to it. I don't know much about it, but I'm I'm interested in uh in finding out more about it as well. Yeah, I'll stick around for Salah Houdin's match and then maybe I'll end it after that. Or maybe Mattesh or Marin Mashi as well. We'll see. Nia won by submission. I missed it. Sorry. Let's go back and watch Nia's win. She mounted up here. Start forcing the arm triangle. Her opponent exposes the back to try and escape. She takes the back. Is that Ruleatine? Little Ruatine. I love a rule. Guy like me loves a rule. &gt;&gt; All right, so now we got Casper versus Zvenov. I feel like Casper versus Zivven is a scrappy poo alert. So everybody lock in. We got some good stuff going right now, but I do think top right is going to be a scrappy poo. If if that's something that might interest you guys, &gt;&gt; if scrappy poos are the type of thing you guys are into, we might be in for some right now. Yeah, we we uh went back and watched the &gt;&gt; Nia subs gets the win by decision top left. Why are the tickets so expensive for Crackkow? I'm not really sure. I don't set the ticket price. Um I think they've sold a lot already though. But yeah, I don't know. Maybe maybe keep keep an eye on them on game time or something. Try and catch a deal. &gt;&gt; Dimma coaches Lionus. Is that where he's uh Is that where the audio is coming from? &gt;&gt; At three. &gt;&gt; Are we about to get Heisome versus is this is he fighting Christian Obeck now or does he have another one? &gt;&gt; Solless Samola Hannah Griffith top left. That's a pretty crazy match. Oh, Casper in on the leg in pretty deep. What are they going to do? &gt;&gt; Tough situation here. Resetting this deep into a leg lock. &gt;&gt; Tyler, are you flying out to Brazil for trials again? Tyler's pretty close to Trey, so I'll count it. And I'm not sure. I think I think I'm going to be going to maybe the first South American trials, but I'm not quite sure. Keep the stream up after you go. Can't be doing that. only here for Rita to be honest. All right, we got a heisome Rita fan in the chat. &gt;&gt; I will go check out Zubie play rocking. Just got smashed by Zadin using the SE guard. I'll go back and watch it after. &gt;&gt; I don't know a ton about grapplers from Kazakhstan to be honest. I watched them on AIA. Um, but I don't know that much about them specifically, but maybe I should learn more. &gt;&gt; It's okay, bro. It's okay, Sergio. No harm, no foul. In Brazil they call me Chiago. When I when I am down in Brazil they call me Chiago. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pizza. I think I think that's a fair point, but it's like you do have to take into consideration that like at the end of the day it's a sporting event where they do want to sell tickets. They want to increase viewership and it being in Poland like does have an impact whether you kind of whether it's right or not. I don't know who's to say, but it does impact it. So, uh I think that would be a factor in some ways, but who knows? We'll see. I got you. I got you, Jabba. Rafess job. I'm just going to call you Job. I got you, Job. I will learn about this man. In Brazil, they call you Trey. No, they call me Chiago, bro. In Brazil they know me as Thiago like deep in Brazil where not that many people speak English you know like non-English-speaking Brazilians in Brazil in my experience struggle to say the name Trey. My full name is Trey Robinson. That is tough for them. It just doesn't work out. One time I was at a Starbucks ordered a coffee. They said what's your name? They said Nami. I said, "Uso Nami Trey." And the girl looked at me like, "What?" And I was like, "Uso Nami Trey." And she just looked at me again and then turned to another girl who was working there. And they just both started dying laughing at me for saying my name was Trey. And so then I was just like, "Uh, Thiago." And so then a lot of times I just say my name's Thiago if I'm in Brazil. 30 seconds. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Trey de not for them Brazilians. Nah. &gt;&gt; Jabo Farus pulled out with ringworm. Happens to the best of us. I got ringorm one time on my neck. That sucked. Oh man. Zanov almost floated that guard, but Casper's got that that nasty Polish guard. You know what I'm saying? Okay, here we go. Z pretty solid passing position here. &gt;&gt; I'm a purple belt, but I'm an absolute beast of a purple bell, so don't get that twisted. &gt;&gt; If my purple belt could talk, it would tell you some stories that you might not want to hear, brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Lionus is in the quarters, I believe. Is Casper versus Ivanov going to go to overtime here, you guys think? &gt;&gt; No, he's not. Yeah, he's not passing that. Oh. Oh shit. Okay. No, never mind. You talk like a white belt. Yeah, fair enough. I guess talk like a white white belt. Roll like a freaking legend. That's what the people are saying, son. &gt;&gt; Yeah, appreciate that, Adam. Let him know. Yeah. Shit. Ain't no belts in a street fight. Am I right, boys? Am I right? &gt;&gt; All right, that's a good question. I don't follow Nogi as much. How's the level European trials compared to the US ones? I think you can't say that European trials is quite as tough as the North American trials just yet, &gt;&gt; but I think Europeans and European trials, they're like closing that gap. So, it's like obviously Brazil got out front and were like the best for a long time. And America kind of came along and they kind of, you know, started uh they started kind of closing that gap. And I think the next one up is the European scene. Obviously Europe's big and like you know that's a wide that's a wide generalization for me just to say like Europe uh but still I do think the Europeans are closing that gra that gap and like they honestly have insanely good jiu-jitsu now. They have some dudes who are like top of the world and some guys who are like specialists as well who have certain things that I think they are doing the best in the world like Matt Shazinski got to have one of the best straight ankle locks in the world. Um, yeah, at street there are no rules, son. Uh, I missed this Ivanov takedown. Yeah, Euro Trials has way more breakouts for sure. Like Nico from last one. He gets the win there. Looks like this takedown could secure it for Zvenov. Yeah, I don't know. I could I could talk to some of the athletes who have competed in both and uh haven't talked about I know like talking to guys like Taza and some other guys before a lot of times they talk about European trials just being like such a grueling event because previously they would do it all in one day. So it would just be one beast of a day. you'd be in some country like like right now they're in Belgrade, Serbia, you know, where it's like the athletes have talked to me before about like you don't have access to like all the food and stuff you'd want. Like you're just kind of going to like a gas or like a corner store basically and just getting whatever you can to kind of fuel you throughout the day. And it's this super long day where you might compete at 8:00 a.m. and then also 8:00 p.m. in the finals. And so, and same with the the weight cut is the you make same day weigh-ins and stuff, but now they kind of had day before weigh-ins and they've made it two days. So, might take away some of that grueling aspect. Yeah, definitely an interesting conversation. Maybe we can get one of those guys on a podcast or we can do a live stream where we talk to somebody who's competed in multiple and kind of get their perspective on it. Maybe Ana Domo. She's she's this she's this is she's going for her third trials win this event. So maybe she'd be a good one to hear her perspective on it all. And there we go. Kyanov with the win. What's your favorite gear for BJJ? Tatami, Venom, Level Black, Kings. We talked about this before. For street wear stuff, I like Half Sumo. They got cool stuff. I like Hyperfly and Kings. Hyperfly probably makes one of the best fitting geese for me as well as Showy Roll. I love both of them. I like Kings as no gi gear quite a bit. I like all of them. I like to mix it up. I'm I I like to, you know, I like to wear all the brands, rep all the sets. &gt;&gt; Asia probably is the more chill trials. All right, here we go. Salah Houdin, you guys wanted him. You got him. Anna just dominating trying to keep that sponsorship opportunity open. I mean like you know being somebody who works in the industry I I talk with a lot of the brands and know a lot of those guys. So definitely I respect all of them taking the back. Yeah, you can see the brackets on smooth comp. &gt;&gt; Look up ADCC European trials 2026 smooth comp and you'll find it. I think I'm I think I'm going to end the stream after these three matches finish that are currently playing. We got Salah Houdin, Anna, Marine. This is this is a good little little tri box. We'd only got the full quad box going right now. job. You're making bad jokes now. No bad jokes in the chat. Only good chat. Only good uh only good jokes in the chat, please. Let's keep it strictly to to grade a banger jokes in the chat. &gt;&gt; Is this a Sig guard? Someone explain to me the sed guard for a guy who talks like a white belt like myself but rolls like a legend. Can someone explain in simple terms the sed guard trying to pass bottom left but that butterfly hook is sticky. Fiona escaped. &gt;&gt; Lachlan's making an instructional instructional on it. Well, I'll be watching that. I'm big I'm big fan of sub meta. Lachland has great stuff on there. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's clamp guard like what Adam Warzinski does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Anna's racking up some points here. Sah and Hai have something to study. Gotcha. Okay. So, like a mix of the clamp guard. I'm more hip to clamp guard. What Adam's doing. Obviously, Adam's a beast with it. I want to throw on the poker face here. Say &gt;&gt; it's nothing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, if Marine getting into the finals, if he makes it through, which I feel like he should against Ferris, that is a pretty sick final. Anna with the win there. Shout out Anna, friend of the program. &gt;&gt; Archene taking the back. I missed the first part of it, but looked sick. &gt;&gt; There we go. Maring getting the dub there. &gt;&gt; Car breakdowns can wreck your wallet. But if you've got endurance, you could never pay out of pocket for a car repair again. &gt;&gt; In my first year with endurance, they covered a $14,000 engine replacement. &gt;&gt; Right now, &gt;&gt; we're going to the end of the Salah match and I got &gt;&gt; Oh, son. You're now you're asking Now you're asking me questions like when I'm in the stream. You're calling me a white bell. &gt;&gt; I will not be streaming the finals. I think the stream's going to have to end here soon. Like I said earlier, you know, this is the Black Ops division. We're we're doing this under the Black Ops umbrella, not under the official, you know, Flo knows I'm doing this, so I can't stream it all. If I stream the finals, if I stream everything, that's going to get too much heat on us, boys. We can't handle all that heat. We got to stay under the radar. We got to we got to keep it loose and fast, you know, flying under the radar so I can keep doing these for future events. I don't want them to shut it down. I don't want the man to come stomp me out. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm sorry. We're going to overtime. Salah Houdin got wrestling. Maybe not. Gonna restart him. We got Christian Obeck bottom left here. All right. Appreciate that. I need you 742 elite members of this squad, the Alleycats Anonymous, if you will, to uh Well, Ben saying got to keep the stream going. So So now we got the we got the flow brass in here telling me to keep it going. So now I got mixed reviews. &gt;&gt; I'm so thankful that you could stream this. Yeah, appreciate it, Nico. I'm so thankful that you guys watch. You know, couldn't do it without you guys watching. &gt;&gt; This is a little secret between us and between me and you 750 in the chat, you know. ran a willing &gt;&gt; went for the kamura but got mounted off of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, appreciate that, Johnny. GG's. If Ben says it's all it's all right. Looks like your hands are tied. Hey, I mean my hands are tied here, boys. My hands are tied. Yeah, appreciate that job. &gt;&gt; Appreciate watching with you, too. Yeah, I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Ben says, "Give the boys what they want. More Trey. Just remind everybody, we paying millions of dollars to stream these event. Appreciate folks subscribing to Flo so we can keep doing these things. Like Ben said, we're paying millions and millions and millions and millions and millions. We're paying huge numbers. We're putting up huge numbers, millions of dollars to put on these events, to stream these events. Millions and millions, more than anybody. And so, we need Flow subscribers in order to make that happen. You guys know the deal. Fire. That's your friend. Is Is Rana gonna hit another Rana gonna hit another Neba? Yes. Now keep his legers. &gt;&gt; Oh, hell yeah. Andy, appreciate that for subscribing. Thank. Yeah, no problem, boys. &gt;&gt; Glad I could stream it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like Evan said, these are numbers like never seen before in the streaming world. Very big numbers to stream. Some of the biggest numbers. Numbers so big people can't even count these numbers. That's how big they are. You guys been watching the burnt peanut? I've been watching the burnt peanut. Big fan to be honest. But his numbers are tiny compared to ours. &gt;&gt; The quad box. That's right. Can you edit that? We in the quad box. Enter the quad box. Soak it in. Oh man. Final seconds here of Salah Houdin versus Dom going crazy. Let's go Jerry. Appreci Appreciate that super chat my boy. A$149 in the euro. I'mma take that right to my pocket. take it to a Zabka when I get to Poland and buy some vevels. Appreciate that for real though, my boy. Love the support. You guys are sick. Do I'm going to win this off the negative. That little late exchange there was kind of crazy, huh? I missed part of it cuz I was making jokes. &gt;&gt; Oh shit. Willink a scrappy poo as well. The scrappy poo alerts. We got Richie B. Oh, Dom got the win there. &gt;&gt; Richie B ye as well. Rana with the dub. Big win for Rana. &gt;&gt; We got to check our passport though. Yeah, boys. Huh? And ladies, everybody watching, we got to check Rand's passport. &gt;&gt; Let's go, Jared. Thanks for streaming the two euros. We are stacking up a fat little prize pool of money thanks to Jerry Marasovich. Marasovvich. Jury Marasovich, you are my guy. I will be pocketing that cash, taking it straight to a Zabka &gt;&gt; and buying a mother freaking Max. We got uh Violet Bennett versus Annabelle Lopez here. &gt;&gt; We loaded when it comes to the Euro. We loaded now, boys. And don't get it twisted. Daddy going to use that, right? Daddy going to buy something nice with it. So, thank you, my boy. on the back of Richie B here. &gt;&gt; Oh, Christian Obeck getting into an arm, but he's down two right now. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Is he &gt;&gt; He's got it, dude. He just got the back. He just That was a crazy last second exchange. They gave him the three. Christian Obeck. Oh my gosh. You guys see that? Were you guys watching Christian Obec bottom left &gt;&gt; down two as seconds ran out he locks the body trial gets the dub he's going look at the the place is turned up on his head that place getting Serbia Belgrade Serbia is getting topsy turvy for Christian Obeck right now at the last second win &gt;&gt; can wreck your wallet &gt;&gt; now we got Luda giving us an ad wins as well I didn't see how won &gt;&gt; little rear naked Little rear naked for yeet to get the dubsky there. &gt;&gt; Good on him. &gt;&gt; $100 off any plans. Call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll get I'll do a stream where I give away a flow subub. How about that? One of these streams coming up, I'll commit to giving away a flow subub on it somehow. We'll figure out a way. Top chatter, maybe. Most impressive joke, maybe. Whoever's nicest to me. Whoever says the nicest things. Did Salah Houdin win? I thought he I thought he lost by penalty. Am I tripping? Let me check the records. Uh, let me check the records. Please stay for Heisone versus Ozag. That's going to be such a good match. If you do, you get 10 years of free sub meta. How can you confirm that I'll get free 10 free years of sub meta? Because I am interested in this deal. Mateesh Mazer versus Maza Zab. This is a This is a fun young upandcomer type of scrap. We got Mateesh Mazer out of Poland. trains with the Academy of Guerilla guys as well as some other teams. I believe Nazab out of Wolfing under Tommy. &gt;&gt; So that is a pretty sick one. You and Lachlan go way back. He's a big fan of me. I appreciate that. I'm a big fan of Lachland. Lachland's the man. Had him on the podcast before he fought Marcelo. Uh, can we can we just rename the false reap to the Polish reap? The Polish Reaper. &gt;&gt; I'm not actually sure if Cara Duplex is related to uh Drius. &gt;&gt; Be interesting to find out. I believe she is South African, but I don't know if the duplic name is just South African or what, but she looks like she's in a little bit of trouble here. She might be in a little bit of trouble here. We'll see if she can get out of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I knew I knew Matteas was from He trains with Guerilla is what I meant to say if I didn't. That's where I met him at Guerilla Academy and Coalin. But he's Berserker's team, huh? That's his actual team. There's a lot of cross training going on in Poland, huh? Right. &gt;&gt; Berserker team. Where's that at? Somebody tell me the city that Berserker's team is at. Annabelle Lopez on the back here. We got a couple scrappy poo alerts. Violet vers Annabelle and Matteas versus Mazin. &gt;&gt; It's in Shetchin. &gt;&gt; I took a train from Shetchin to Koshalin once. How's my uh how's my Polish pronunciation? Shetchin Shetchin Koshalan. &gt;&gt; Oh, Annabelle fighting for the armbar. She got it. Not that bad. All right. Thanks, boys. &gt;&gt; All right, we got Zyanov versus Sergio. Sergio beat Andre. Last round, Zvenov been on a bit of a heater. feel like Zyanov is one of those dudes where uh he's going to come out of the 66 division kind of make a big name for himself, you know, potentially. The Sergio dude seems tough as well. &gt;&gt; Pska Gerome, let's go. &gt;&gt; Kadu placed the tides. Shashin shining. &gt;&gt; Card plus with the submission. Mate versus Mazinen has been really back and forth, but no points acquired so far. Selma Vic versus Janna Goodman. This is a good match as well. &gt;&gt; And then bottom right, if they send out the they send out the boys, Marine and Muhammad, we got a bit of a banger of a quad box on our hands, ladies and gentlemen. Mate getting past kind of pinning him here. Secures the points. Odin and Taylor have both won their matches and advanced I believe by submissions. Oh man, Mazing going to have a a late run at trying to get the hooks in. Oh no, fell off again. Looks like Mate Mazer is moving on here. &gt;&gt; I rolled it with Mateesh Mazer once. Very fun roll. Yeah, honestly, like he's really good. Much better than I. But it was kind of like a lot of just us going back and forth trading stuff. Just like a fun flowy dude to be honest. Kabib should fight. Kabib should fight. That would be awesome. Someone put Kabib in in a super fight at ADCC against Chale Sunen, the undefeated, undisputed American gangster from Westland, Oregon. Chel Sunen. Thoughts on a mod? Alpha ducking Davis Assari super fight. I don't know nothing about that, dude. That's how that's how it went down because we got a rule no fibs in the chat. So, if you're telling me that's how it went down, I guess it's how it went down. But I don't know nothing about it. These boys wrestling top left, huh? Zonvvenov and Sergio. These boys want to warm up for the final. And then on the look at this, the dichotomy of jiu-jitsu. Top left, we got two dudes scrapping it out trying to wrestle. Top right, John Maltis and Luca Voxen racing to see who could uh &gt;&gt; who could pull guard first. This is the dichotomy of jiu-jitsu. Little something for everybody. Oh, I'm watching Luca Voxan. &gt;&gt; Oh, he threw up before the match. &gt;&gt; No fibs in the chat. &gt;&gt; We got to lock it in, boys. There's a lot going on right now. We got a full quad box. Bunch of scrappy poo alerts going on. Marine verse Muhammad coming out there &gt;&gt; to complete the quad box. Something we can only dream of is a full quad box with all scrappy poos. And boy oh boy are we living our dream right here, right now. &gt;&gt; Oh man. How fast does Marine win this one? You guys wanna You guys wanna You guys want to put the line at over under three minutes for match time bottom right? You guys taking the over or the under? Three minutes total mat time &gt;&gt; for either guy to win. You're taking the under three. We're going to overtime top left. These boys just wrestled for the full six minutes and now we're getting three more minutes of it. And Janna with the win bottom left, would you like the Kidia or the MRT? Let me Google these. I feel like you guys might be I feel you guys might be setting me up with this one. Kadia's Kuwait versus Emirates. I don't know. You guys are getting me out of my bag here. Out of my wheelhouse. Thank you. Trey, please find more about Sed Guard. Yeah, I'll watch it. Yeah, Dom's trying to get me pull me into some some political uh banter. &gt;&gt; That's a no no. What's been going on in John Maltiz versus Luca Voxin? I've been kind of watching Sergio versus uh Zyanov and Marinmore. Somebody give me that John Maltis Luca Voxin update. Oh wow. &gt;&gt; Mohamad putting the blitz on it. Now &gt;&gt; Marine playing that that Nogi lasso a little bit. If Muhammad studied uh studied a little bit of that declin passing, he might not he might know what to do with that. But I don't know if he has. All right, we're going to decision. Top left. That one's got to be Zvenov, right? Nothing much going on in Maltiz versus Voxin. This uh bottom left match, Jessica Tortilla versus Sandra Tribal. Little bit of a scrappy poo, huh? I mean, if we're going to have to see John Maltis and Luke Voxen wrestle, I don't know what's going to happen because these dudes race to pull guard as fast as they could. &gt;&gt; So now overtime rules, you can't pull unless you take a penalty. I don't really know how that's going to play out. Looks like that one's going to go to overtime. &gt;&gt; I don't know if they gave him the pass though, the points for the pass. I think maybe Martin was able able to turtle so that it wasn't fully a three-point Zven 16-year-old in the final. I feel like that's how it goes, dude. When when trials comes around, especially in the 66 kilogram division, like these young super young 66 kilo guys, they can often like go on runs, you know? Who's he gonna have in the final though? He's got Ye and A. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Muhammad saw your comment, bro. He's coming for you. You better watch out. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry, you can't be there. &gt;&gt; We got Heisome versus Christian Obeck coming up too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's simmer down a bit. You guys got me choking. I almost died right there. I almost died right there. You guys are trying to make jokes and stuff and I almost died right there. I don't got to remove Dom. Dom ain't trying to do a political thing. Job. It's okay. You don't got to police the chat. Let's all simmer down. Like Sam said, &gt;&gt; I did. Ezra, thank you for I did actually invent the idea of a watch party. So, thank you for watching. This is a Trey original first guy ever. Let's leave the egos at the digital door as Sam said. That's right. That's good. Good thinking there, Sam. Good thinking there. Got to leave the egos at the digital door. Leave your shoes, too. No, no shoes in the live stream. We got tootsies out. What ended up happening to John Maltese? &gt;&gt; I was choking while you guys were &gt;&gt; making jokes. Almost died. &gt;&gt; How did he get the back? &gt;&gt; Sorry, we're going back a little bit here. Little slide by to the backy poo. &gt;&gt; They reset &gt;&gt; first year with endurance. They covered a $14,000. &gt;&gt; Then he finishes the rear naked. Huh. &gt;&gt; I missed that one. Trey, where you from? I live in Austin, Texas. the mecca for jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like Martine's in a tough spot here. There's been some pretty pretty close guard passes by Muhammad, &gt;&gt; but they might send it to overtime. Did he get the finish there? got the arm bar. &gt;&gt; He might ain't messing around. I was curious about Heisum coming into this. Um &gt;&gt; I don't really know what he's been up to. I think he's been in Dubai and stuff, you know, a little bit flying under the radar here recently. It's obviously great to see him at trials and but it was a question mark of like what Heisman's been up to, what form he's going to be in, how he's going to perform. Man, he's looking good. He's letting the people know. Heisel will talk a little bit of that talk for for people who don't know. You know, he ain't afraid of it. &gt;&gt; You guys remember that video where he beat up that dude who was trying to steal his car or something? That was crazy. &gt;&gt; Muhammad with the win. So, it's going to be Muhammad Ferris. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't know if he's been around Simple Man recently. I think he kind of went back international. I don't know his visa situation either, but I thought he had been in uh Dubai. Kelly Corner, weren't you born in Kansas? I was born in Kansas. Hell yeah. Somebody's been Somebody's been locked in. I appreciate that. Yeah, I was born and raised in Kansas. I'm a Kansas boy. Middle of the map, blue collar roots through and through. You guys know how we do it. Kansas born and raised. Then I moved to Austin, Texas when I got a job at &gt;&gt; FL. I've been living here for like four and a half years. &gt;&gt; Uh Flame, you said, "Doesn't ADCC cater more aggressive in a match?" For sure. Catering more aggressive, but I think like the actual language in uh their rule set is initiation. So it's like whoever's initiating is who is kind of getting the decision. So they they value a lot of who initiates the exchange, not just kind of like what happens. You're from Kansas, Kelly. Where at? Oh, okay. Right on. That's what's up. I've trained jiu-jitsu for like eight years or so. slow learner though. Uh, you taught Heisum that arm bar. He's in Bua Gym, Dubai now. Nice, bro. Good job teaching him that. He used it on the big stage. Kansas in here. What's up? All my Kansas boys say what's up. 11th, Kansas. Nice. Yeah, I was born and raised in Columbus, Kansas. It's like south of Pittsburgh, Kansas. Small little town. Small little town where legends are are forged from the fire of wheat fields are forged from the harvest itself. Now, we're going to have some some gaps in the quad box because people are having to go back to back. What's up, Look at Owen bouncing around. We can just see see his legs bouncing. Why does Kansas have a Pittsburgh and Columbus? I don't know, dude. I think there's an Atlanta Kansas, too. Why is Kansas stealing other state cities Pittsburgh and Columbus? All all uh states have names of different cities in them. Stefan, you told me to shut up, bro. Just mute it. Just mute it, dog. That's what I'm here for. If not to talk about things irrelevant to the jiu-jitsu going on, then what am I here for? So, just mute it up. It's no problem. I take no offense to that. I actually watch most jiu-jitsu with commentary muted myself. I prefer just to kind of watch it and think about it on my own. So, no harm, no foul there. If you boys want to mute me up, go ahead. San Francisco, Oklahoma. Yep. Yep. Yeah, Marlin's elite, dude. Marlin is elite, but Matt is really good at uh not conceding the points like as you can see right here. No problem, Stefan. I understand. What just happened right there? I looked away for a second. &gt;&gt; I turned up the volume for Stephan. That's what I'm talking about. My guy finished the rear naked. Oh my goodness. It's more of a choker or a crank. H more of a choker or a crank. What do you What say you all the same? Taps a tap. He just bay blade guard. Yeah, he did. Oh, man. If you guys could see if you guys could see my angle. Oh, man. It it would blow your mind, dude. I have 12 monitors going right now. I got 12 monitors just freaking I'm looking at everything a jiu-jitsu guy could possibly look at right now. I got every bracket. I got every match. I got you guys over here on my right. I got freaking uh &gt;&gt; I got things you wouldn't even believe on my on my 11th and 12th monitors. You know, I'm watching the stocks. I'm over here. You guys didn't know this. I'm day trading. I'm making a pretty penny right now. Marlin is. So I feel like people there's a misconception sometimes about Marlin because he seems like he's American or maybe even Brazilian. Marlin is Swedish. He is from Stockholm, Sweden. So he's as European as it gets. Yeah, he's from Sweden. Trains at Prana in Sweden. I would love to go to Stockholm. I think Stockholm would be a really cool place to train. And I think Stark Jiu-Jitsu specifically would be awesome. I mean, Rana is Jaco Willing's daughter, but I believe her mom might be British, so I think she has a British passport. All right, here we go. Lionus von Shrink and Ferris Bin Lamad. John Malt is pretty pretty savvy with the leg locks as well. So, this could be Owen's toughest test yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Marlin was associated with uh ATOSS as well. So, he would go there and do the camps and stuff, but a lot of international people do that. Like Nico Mlitchic is is Australian, but he would train there. Adele as well for big camps. So, to give a shout out to future yellow bell Minllo Park champ Bobo Kovac. What's up my boy? Minow Park champ Bob Boowbo Kovac in the chat watching via Ben. Thanks for joining in, my guy. Tell tell your son to get to create his own YouTube bin and uh get in that chat, you know, get him get him indoctrinated into the the internet world of chatting on live streams. A right of passage that at some point in time every person should do so they can really get their internet beans flying. Owen under three. We're closing in on that. I mean, at this point, everybody's so good that makes it this far into the bracket that uh quick submissions are fewer and far between further between. John Maltis is good, too, dude. I feel like he might go under the radar a little bit. thoughts on Margali comeback fight. Uh my overall thoughts on Marie coming back is Marggo is good for the sport. He's an enigma. He's like a captivating guy to watch and so I'm glad he's back. I thought Nico showed a lot of great stuff. Um but yeah, you know, Margali being back is a good thing. I'm excited that Margalli is back. I'm a huge Margali fan. I do also like Nico a lot. Talk about the fights, please, with explanations. I mean, I'm not some diehard jiu-jitsu analysis guy. I am a diehard jiu-jitsu guy, but some people I feel like are much better at the technical analysis. Like Joe from our team is better in that realm. Um, I try to just, you know, bring a little a little bit of an entertainment factor. Oh, and with the dubsky, you barely missed the three minutes under, dude. You barely missed it, Nico. Let's take it back. Let's do a little technical analysis here. So, as you can see here, Ono Flanigan has the inside tenkaku on this leg. But you can see here, he opts for controlling the second leg, enacting double trouble. And by isolating this leg with the knee line, he's then able to start attacking the far leg. But then by clearing that he switches back to the leg he has controlled to finish I believe the outside heel hook as is the reaction that his opponent gave him and he responded correctly. There you go. And that's it for the technical analysis portion of the stream. I'll just do jokes from here on out. You think you think Owen verse Muhammad Muhammad wins that? I think Owen wins that. I think Owen will be able to like eventually make some sort of connection as soon as he makes a connection with Muhammad. I think from then on it'll be the Owen O Flanigan show. I do think like guys like Muhammad who kind of play that little more KG top game are hard to make connection with. But I think Owen is so good that whenever he does make the connection, he's going to find the submission. How tall are Lionus and Ferris and centimeters? I have no idea, dude. I'm a metric system guy. I mean, just from watching Muhammad today, I feel like Muhammad's like a like a 99 kilo version of Garbag in some ways. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, and has no cardio. My bro smacks a marble. Smokes a pack of Marbor every day. The Marbor Reds, you know, they keep you fresh. They keep you young. Them cowboy killers. They do have a drone flying around the mats. Janette Gloer got to ride this out. I saw Ben had a good point earlier about uh Ferris and Lionus probably being pretty familiar with each other. There is like that Dimema connection. I feel like Lionus Lionus has came through Los Bandidos before, right? Like he's been in the mix with the Los Bandidos crew. So definitely probably familiar with each other for sure. Let's go. These dudes are going to do a six-minute wrestling match and then we're going to see overtime unless Ferris can Nope. Yeah, they're probably going to go to overtime. &gt;&gt; Fair's getting right at Tren City with Charles Allen Price. been hitting the gym working on his fitness. &gt;&gt; I think Ferris is a little under six foot. Ferris is a little shorter. Lionus is definitely taller than Ferris for sure. Um, &gt;&gt; I'm predicting Martina by straight ankle lock in the top right. That's my prediction for that one. It's a big match for Richie Be going against Sergio. I'm trying to get on steroids. Imagine if I got on steroids and I showed up to ADCC Worlds just freaking juiced to the gills just peeled out of my tree like weighing like 215 just twisted steel and sex appeal. Wouldn't that be hilarious if the media is showing up to ADC just juiced up letting them know that we mean business? Might have to I think there is a chance that Ferris is bigger than Owen O. Flanigan, but I think he Oh, and Flanigan went up to Oh, Martina by armbar. Armbar. The straight ankle lock of the arm. So, was kind of right. Same same but different. Yeah, Jonno, you know what's up. I'd be looking sick if I was just 215 on the juice. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a nice arm bar by Martina. Yeah, I guess you're right. Arm bar is the knee bar of the upper limbs. &gt;&gt; Wrist wrist lock would be the ankle lock. &gt;&gt; But kind of same same. It kind of didn't it look like she had a little bit of a wrist lock in there? Maybe it was a wrist lock. We can't be for sure. There's no possible way of knowing for sure if she didn't have a little bit of a wrist lock in there. &gt;&gt; I'm not promoting rosids. I'm kidding. Don't do steroids. Yeah, we need a heel hook for the arms. Maybe like I guess would that be like a kamura or a uh terra plata? Terra Plata is kind of the heel heel hook. Hey. Hey. Whoa, boys. We're not doing nothing before GTA 6. Everything's on hold until GTA 6. Chill. Chill. You guys want me to make more predictions? I don't know. I'm distracted. There's a lot going on. Far's Fair's using all of the mats available. &gt;&gt; Are they going to give him that? Did they I don't know if they when they called stop. If they did, parole. No, they're gonna reset him standing. &gt;&gt; If they reset him down, then Ferris is going to get the two here. &gt;&gt; Oh no, they're resetting him with the leg. And Ferris is immediately taking it the other way. Oh, camera guy. Camera guy didn't get the memo. Somebody wake up the camera guy on Mat 3. &gt;&gt; Wake him up. &gt;&gt; There we go. He's awake. &gt;&gt; These matches are live right now, but if you want to watch the matches on your own, you don't have to hear me yapping about who freaking who knows what. You can go to flowgrappling.com. It's like Ben said earlier, you know, we we spend millions of dollars uh to be able to stream these events. So, obviously, it helps us if you guys can subscribe to Flow Grappling, get a little bit of that little bit of that uh you know, money in circulation so we can kind keep doing this type of thing. But, I put a link in the chat. It's pinned in the chat if you want to go to Flow Grappling. That link will take you to this live stream, but you'll have to subscribe to watch on demon time. Oh, these boys just they just want to touch every single every inch of the mat. Oh, man. Ferris has the hooks. What just happened? He's he tapped or time ran out? Time ran out. Ferris with the three. Dude, he is elated. Absolutely elated. The crowd going nuts for him. &gt;&gt; Going banana lands. Ferris going absolutely banana lands. But also Sergio up here. Did Sergio submit Richie B? &gt;&gt; Ferris with the win. Sergio with the sub there. Hey Trey, I'm 13 years old. I'll be fighting a guy that's complete competitively 150 wins and only 70 losses. Do you have any recognition on what position should I do? Not given any space for subs? I mean, it's just going to be dependent on your opponent itself, but I know one thing. You got to believe in yourself. All right? You got to you got to trust your game. What game you've been playing in the gym? What's been working for you in the gym? What do you know? Whenever you got somebody bigger than you, older, better than you that you can go to and you can make it happen. Play that game. All right? Don't respect nothing out there. Don't care about how many wins this guy has. Who cares, man? You just play your game. Trust your jiu-jitsu. Make it happen. We're expecting a submission. All the the 750 people watching right now are expecting you to go out there and submit this opponent and make it and you know what, make it entertaining along the way. Give us a highlight we can post. So, we believe in you. We're backing you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Steam is a brutal one. Sub only. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right, Sam. You will submit your opponent. Slay and pray. &gt;&gt; Submission by any means necessary. And we want the recap when we do another live stream. We want you to join in and tell us how it went. All right. Vexilify. This going to overtime. &gt;&gt; Please come to the main desk. &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to see Nia Blackman and Juliet. They got a little rrestling. &gt;&gt; That was interesting. The old 3 seconds turtle into guard maneuver. Expert play on the rule set. Never hespect. You got to go in there knowing that you're that guy. You know, this guy should be scared of you. And if he doesn't know it yet, he'll soon find out. Soon enough, he'll know. All right. Julia did get the penalty for that. &gt;&gt; Fire stream said, "Adam, appreciate that, bro. And feeding going in on a leg lock. &gt;&gt; Nia Blackman going to get the finish here. &gt;&gt; Is Julia going to escape? Referee said, "Y'all didn't want to see this, did you?" Top right ref said, "Man, y'all weren't trying to see this, were you?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. Rough them ears up a bit. The more cauliflower you can come in with, the scarier you are. Dean Silver said, "I didn't know you could taboo with a cradle. There's a European name for it and everything." Yeah, the Kurissav cradle. &gt;&gt; Everybody go to the gym tomorrow. Maybe. Yeah, this is a good tomorrow thing. Monday morning training. Nia with the win. Monday morning training. Go in and just try to Corus off cradle all of your training partners. Just, you know, talking about no hespet. Just go in there and course off cradle everybody you can. All right, boys. I think I'm going to call it there. &gt;&gt; It's been a long stream. I appreciate you guys for watching. I think I got to get off of here. Obviously, you know, it was a good time. I always appreciate you guys you guys calling in or joining in. Let's switch back to this screen. What do you guys think of this screen? Huh? You like that? Send your messages right now so you can see your name on the screen. Casovo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Casovo, my bad. My bad. I'm just I'm just a little American guy trying my best. But appreciate you guys for tuning in. If you just missed it, Marine just got a just got a win by walkover, I think. Well, you guys want me to wait for Taylor? All right, I'll wait for Taylor. That's it, though. I'm watching Taylor and then I'm ending it. That was a fake out. That was a fake ending. We're watching Taylor and then that's it. &gt;&gt; You guys just want me to stream 24/7? Should I do a 247 stream where I just watch Jiu-Jitsu non-stop for 247? &gt;&gt; All right, we're back, boys. We're back with Taylor Pearman. But this is it. metal and black man. &gt;&gt; John McCartwheel. I do remove the camera when I'm AFK. Oh, you're saying and just leave with it on. I can't do that. Leave the stream on and go sleep. Should I just leave the stream on and then remove my camera and then just sit and watch with you guys and just chat along with you in the chat? &gt;&gt; Hi, please come to the main desk. Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Hey, Mlada, chill, bro. &gt;&gt; I personally can't organize Taylor versus Levi at Polaris or WO, but I can I can put in a good word and try to influence the the decision to organize that cuz I think that would be awesome. Taylor versus Levi. That would be sick for the uh could do it for the Polaris middleweight belt. Taylor's just relentless with the attacks. Like I think that's one reason he's so fun to watch is like dude is always just actively using his guard or actively using his guard to off balance, sweep, attack a submission. He gets on top, he's just keeps hunting the submission. &gt;&gt; Taylor's for sure one of the most fun guys to watch right now in my opinion. met Salah Simola and Mia Blackman. Shout out Yana Arya. Shout out her. &gt;&gt; Martina and Vitzen go into overtime. Martina's fighting right now. Did Taylor have the body triangle before points were active? Is that what's going on there? Super chat you $1 for the electricity bill if you keep stream on for Marlin against Ferris. I can't do it. But &gt;&gt; if you want to super chat me a dollar, you know what I'm saying? I'll take it straight to the Zapka. Get myself something nice. Just kidding. I was acting like I was pocketing in those super chats. I have no idea where that money goes, but I got to find out. Huh? &gt;&gt; I got to get my finances in order. I got to talk to my accountant about where them super chats are going. I got to talk to the flow accounting department. You guys think, place your bets right now. You think Taylor's going to get the finish before the end of the match? Oh, I might have said that a little too late. &gt;&gt; Will Taylor get the finish or no? Dom's doing a pretty good job defending off the back, &gt;&gt; but it's starting to seem like submission is imminent. Yeah, I gotta throw up my PayPal on the stream. Sorry, boys. Super chat's broken. Only hit this PayPal, you know. &gt;&gt; This is live. Taylor with the submission. Dang, Lonnie, you just made some cheddar, bro. &gt;&gt; Big win there for uh for Taylor as always. I think he's going all submissions again. I believe he is. Let's just see how this Let's see how Ann versus Martina finishes here. Looks like Ann's going to get the win via points. 101 payout worth it. I can't watch the finals. Look at this guy peeking at the camera. What's this guy doing? &gt;&gt; Uh, do they change the rash cards? Maybe if they feel like it. All right, and getting the win there via points. That's all we're watching. I'm not This is not a fake stop again. This is the actual end of the stream. So, I appreciate you guys tuning in and everything. You know, get your chats firing if you want to see it on screen. Let me get your number and FaceTime your screen. I'm not giving you my number, dude. Go follow me on Instagram if you want to message me. OG Trey Robroinson. Fire it up. Turn it up. If you DM me, I'll respond. I'm responsive on there, but won't be giving you my number. There. There are definitely some good matches left. I think we're finishing up kind of the semi-finals and going into the finals. So, all of that's going to be going live on flowgrappling.com. Like I said, you know, the real way that I'm able to do this is by people subscribing to Flow and us having a subscriber base. We obviously pay a lot of money to uh stream these events, maybe more than people realize and stuff. I know it's easy to critique Flow and hard to give Flow credit, but there is a lot of money going around and it costs a lot to do these things and that's what makes it able for me to bring you guys free live streams and whatnot. So, if you want to, there's a link in the chat. Go ahead and click that. Go over to flowgrappling.com. You can watch the rest of the stream. But I appreciate you guys tuning in. Um, always a good time, you know, watching some jiu-jitsu with you all. Nothing better than that, you know, waking up Sunday morning. Waking up Sunday morning, turning on a little jiu-jitsu, getting the quad box going and watching with that with some friends, you know, some good people. So, I appreciate you guys uh tuning in, making it where I can do this. You can watch it live on flowgrappling.com. Thank you, Sam. Uh, you know, I'll be back uh for the next one. I'm not sure. We got to start doing the weekly streams, kind of all kinds of topics and stuff. So, if you guys got some ideas for what kind of streams you want me to do outside of just watching the events live, I don't know if you guys want me to like I've thought about like doing like tier ranking streams, maybe some uh I don't know. I don't know what we could do. We could do all kinds of stuff. Maybe we'll just do a stream of you guys watching me do baron bolos until I can finally hit one properly. But me, thanks for live stream. No problem. Glad I could do it. Lonnie, all jokes aside, good stream. Have a nice day. You too, brother. Flo had a monthly option. Flo does have a monthly option. So, you can whenever you go to sign up, you can uh select the monthly option and sign up that way. You have a private YouTube. Not really. Maybe I should get my own thing going as well on the side. But most of the content I make comes out on flow and I just make jokes on my Instagram every now and then. But all right, thank you all for tuning in. I'll see you guys in the next one. Not a white belt, son. Muan, not a white belt. All right. I might talk like a white belt, roll like a legend, the way God intended. I'll see you boys.